夏の日差しが、校舎の壁、グラウンド、自分の服…あらゆる場所に降り注いで跳ね返るほどの晴天。=The weather was so fine, the sunlight was bouncing off basically everything - the school walls, the ground, and even my own clothes.
これだけ晴れているのに、空気は真夏特有の湿気を帯びていて蒸しかえっている。=But even though it was so sunny, the air was almost steamy -- typical of midsummer humidity.
何もせずじっとしているだけでも、汗の筋が額から顎に、首から体に流れて衣服に染みを作っていく。=Even just standing still was enough to make sweat run down from my forehead to my chin, down my neck and all through my clothes.
俺は、山あいの田舎町にある学校で住み込みの用務員をしている。生まれ育った土地ゆえに、ここは母校だ。=I worked as a live-in custodian, at a school in the mountainous sticks. Since I was born and raised here, this place was naturally my alma mater as well.
俺が通っていた頃より生徒数が減った今は、年齢幅のある生徒を集めて廃校を避け、一貫校として運営している。=There were a lot less kids here now than back then, so now they ran the place as a combined junior-high school of sorts, to avoid closure.
山あいの田舎町と聞けば、緑豊かで涼しく、不便ながらも賑やかな街に比べて夏は過ごしやすいと思われがちだが=It's easy to think of such a town in the sticks as lush and cool and easier to live in the summer than the city, even with all its inconveniences but...
…そんなことは全くない。自然が多いのは確かだが四方八方をがっちり山に囲まれているような僻地ではない。=...That wasn't the case at all. It's true there's a lot of greenery here but, it's not like we're surrounded by mountains on all sides either.
山は遠くに見える程度で、平坦な土地に民家と畑地。やや古いが新興住宅街もある。駅前だけが少し賑やかだ。=The montains are actually just about visible in the distance, and this place is more of a flatland, with houses and lots of farms. There's an old residential area that's been booming a bit too. Only the station's a bit more lively.
歓楽街はなく、都市部まではどんなに急いでも１時間以上はたっぷりかかる。=There's little to no entertainment to be had, and even if you hurry, it takes at least an hour to get to the city.
そんな土地柄に、合わせる顔が決まってくると否応なしに生まれる閉鎖性が、この時代もしっかり息づいている。=In such a place, where you see basically the same people day in day out, it's only natural for it to be a pretty closed off place.
何ひとつ珍しくない。どこにでもある、この国で一番多いタイプの『田舎』に違いない。=There's nothing interesting here. It's the countryside just like any other one in this country.
こんな場所で用務員など、退屈で仕方がない。=And being a custodian in a place like this? Yeah, I'm bored out of my mind.
しかも季節は、夏のド真ん中。つまり学校は夏休みだ。せめてもの慰めに眺める女生徒はほぼいない。=And what's more, it's the middle of summer. That's to say, it's summer vacation. So I can't even look at the young girls for mental comfort.
夏草をむしって汗だくになり、日陰で一息つこうとしたが、息つくどころか、体から水分が抜けていくばかりだ。=After plucking some weeds out of the ground, I tried to take a breather in the shade, but in the end I only lost what little water I had in my body.
『これじゃ、あのじいさんが倒れるのも不思議はないな』=『No wonder the old man collapsed.』
屋外よりは断然暑さがマシな自室…つまり、用務員室に一旦引き返すために歩き出す。=I started making my way back, to that hellish room hotter than even the outside -- that is, the custodian's room.
少しでも日射を避けるために、校舎を抜けよう。=Let's go through the school buildings so that the sun doesn't get me anymore than it already has.
昼でもほとんど生徒の気配がない、休み中特有の空気が漂う廊下を行く。外よりはいくらか涼しい。=With it being summer, students basically didn't come here, and I walked through the hallway filled with the scent of summer. It was at least cooler than the outside.
じいさんは、俺が学生時分からこの学校の用務員だった。かなりの歳だろう。それが夏の始まり頃に体調を崩し…=That old man had been the custodian even longer than I'd been a student here. Probably quite old now. And with the summer hitting this hard...
復帰のための療養に入ったことで、空いたポストに臨時で俺が収まった。=He went into medical care to eventually return but, someone had to do it while he was gone, and so here I am.
俺は数日前に用務員になったばかり、しかも臨時雇用だからアルバイトのような身分と変わらない。=I only just became the custodian a few days ago actually, and since it's temp employment, it's no different from a part time job.
『こういうのが一番気楽だ』=『But I prefer it like this anyway.』
そもそも自分は仕事が長続きしない。=I wasn't the type to do most jobs for all that long anyway.
誰かと揉めて辞める、全く出来ずクビになるといったことはないが、何をやっても飽きて、つまらなくなってしまう。=It's not as if I've ever had an argument to the point of quitting, or been fired for being useless but, no matter what I do, I get bored and can't do it for long.
やり方を完全に習得した優秀な奴が感じる飽きではなく、ただただ面白くなくなって、どんどんダルくなる。=And I don't mean the sort of person that a talented person feels at mastering a task, but just things becoming less and less interesting over time.
ある程度出来るようになってくると、効率やら様々な欠点が目に付く。でもそれを直すような気力や能力はない。=As I learn to do a job, I start noticing efficiency misses and shortcomings and whatnot. But I have neither the energy nor the ability to fix those things.
結果、ただただ嫌になる。もともとあまりない根性や堪え性というものが死に絶える。=So in the end, I just get fed up of doing things. The gut and perseverance that I don't have much of to begin with begin to die away.
そうなると辞めたりバックレたりするまで秒読みみたいなもんだ。=And when that happens, it's just a matter of time until I quit or back out.
『部活もそうだったなぁ…』=『Come to think of it, it was the same with school club activities...』
外から聞こえる部活の声の方向に目線を向けた。=I turned my eyes towards the various club rooms, full of noises.
要領も良いほうではない自覚はある。だから、とにかくどうにか食べられる状態で転々とするのが気楽だ。=I'm not under the delusion that I'm a model worker, either. So I just prefer being a drifter, as long as I can earn enough to eat.
大して高い金が貰えるわけでもないのに社畜になるなんて気が知れない。よくやれるな、と思う。=I can't even bear the thought of becoming a corporate slave when the pay was just as garbage. I think the people who can are pretty amazing.
親に仕事を勝手に見つけられ、そのまま流れされるように多少の金を持たされ、=My parents found me a job on their own, pushed some cash into my hands to "survive the first month"
独り立ちしろと実家から都市部へと追い出されたものの…=and then chased me out and into the city to be independent but...
どの仕事もぱっとせず、休日や暇を見つけては通っていたギャンブルや風俗で生活資金は底を尽きた。=In the end, I quit every job I tried eventually, and even my free time all I did was throw away money at casinos and soaplands, which drained all my savings.
この仕事は給料が低く不満だが、夏休みということもあって大して忙しくなく、ダラダラできてありがたい。=I'm not exactly happy with the pay here, but with summer vacation, there wasn't much to do, so I'm just grateful that I get to relax.
住み込みのおかげで、この歳で定職に就いていない、などと言ってくる家族…というより=Thanks to it being live in, I can get away from the constant nags about not having a proper job at my age from my family... or rather,
主に、口うるさい姉さんのいる実家からは離れていられる。=mostly just my naggy elder sister.
…さて、部屋に戻ってから休んで汗が引いた後、次は何をしておけば…=...Now then, I wonder what I should do after resting a bit...
『あ！おじさん、こんにちは』=『Ah! Uncle, hello.』
明らかに自分に向けられた声が後ろから響いて振り返る。=A voice clearly directed towards me echoed in from behind, and I turned around.
『…忙しかったかな？』=『...Am I bothering you?』
驚いた。=I was surprised.
透き通るような美少女が立っている。=A beautiful girl was standing right there.
日射しを受けて光るリノリウムに似た白い床よりも、淡く輝いて見える。=She was shining even brighter than the linoleum lined white floor.
一言でいうならば清楚だ。そして、この上なく楚々としているのにきつい印象が一切ない。=In a word, she looked pure. And though she was very graceful, she didn't have a harsh impression to her at all.
その逆で、とてもおとなしそうに見えるのは、まなざしの柔らかさのせいかもしれない。=If anything, she looked very gentle, maybe due to her soft gaze.
…この雰囲気と声でふっと思い当たる。=...The atmosphere and voice suddenly reminded me of something.
『やあ、乙羽ちゃん…だよね？』=『Hey there... Otoha-chan?』
つい目を奪われていた。慌てて、確認するように声を掛ける。=I ended up staring too much. Panicked, I called out her name as if confirming it.
『うん、乙羽だよ。分からなかった…かな？』=『Yeah, it's me, Otoha. I guess you didn't... recognize me?』
今日、学校に来ているとは思わなかった。=I didn't know she was here at school today.
この子は、小鳥遊 乙羽（たかなし おとは）。=This girl was Takanashi Otoha.
不確かながらも名前を知っているのは、この子が俺の姪っ子だからだ。=The reason I knew her name despite being slightly unsure, was because she was my niece.
『実際会うのはかなり久しぶりだから、確信がなくてね。こっちに帰ってきてるのは聞いていたけど』=『Well, it's been a long time since we last saw each other, so I wasn't sure. I did hear you came back though.』
『最後に会った時、私、まだ小さかったもんね』=『I was a kid when we last met, so yeah.』
『そうだね。でも面影はそのまんまだよ』=『Yeah. But your presence hasn't changed a bit.』
『ふふ。私って分かってもらえてよかった』=『Fufuh. I'm glad you knew it was me.』
『おじさん。聞いてた通り、ここで用務員さんをしてるんだね』=『So you really are working as the custodian here, huh?』
『そうだよ。乙羽ちゃんは…色々あったみたいだけど、元気にしてたかい？』=『That's right. As for you... I heard a lot happened, are you doing okay now?』
『うん、なんとか元気にしてるよ。それに今日、おじさんと会えるなんて思ってなかったから…』=『Yeah, somehow. And I didn't think I'd see you here today so...』
『嬉しくて、元気出ちゃった』=『So I feel a lot better now.』
こんな健気で素直な子が、あの口うるさい姉さんから生まれたことが信じられない。=It was hard to believe that such a sweet and good girl was born to that naggy older sister of mine.
幼い頃に遊び相手をしていた俺は、乙羽ちゃんのことをよく知っている。=I used to play with her a lot when she was little, so I knew her well.
『こうしてみると随分大きくなったねえ』=『You've sure grown up a lot now.』
『ふふ、もう５年も会ってないもん』=『Fufuh, it's been 5 years so yeah.』
成長期の娘らしい、照れながらも誇らしげな微笑みが愛らしい。=Her shy yet proud smile, typical of a girl her age, was adorable.
『身長も伸びたでしょ』=『I grew a whole lot taller too, didn't I?』
俺はその他の"成長部分"にも目が行っていた。５年の歳月が女の子をこんな風に変えるのか…。=My eyes made their way to her other "growths" as well. So 5 years can do this to a girl, huh?...
昔より主張を始めている胸。徐々に丸みを帯びはじめている骨格、体の輪郭。=Her chest was asserting itself a lot more than in the past. Her bodyline was slowly but surely becoming curvier too.
全体的な肉付きもどこかふんわりとしていて、あどけなさは全く抜けていないにも関わらず、=Her overall figure looked very soft, and though she still had her childlike innocence,
そこはかとなく女らしさが香り始めいる。そのあやふやな感じが妙にそそる。=she was starting to exude a hint of femininity. And that vague feeling was oddly alluring.
弾けんばかりの若さから、髪はこの上なく美しい艶で光の輪ができている。=Her hair was full of youth, and had a halo of the most beautiful shine on it.
そして肌は、汗の玉だけでなく水分という水分を弾きそうなほど張りがよく、きめが細かい。=And her skin looked so firm and fine, it looked as though it could repel all kinds of moisure, not just sweat.
この手でその感触を味わって、撫でまわしたくなる。=It made me want to stroke her, to savour the texture of it with my own hands.
……と、久しぶりに再会した姪っ子にまさかこうも欲情するとは自分でも意外だった。=...I felt surprised at myself for feeling this attracted to my own niece who I hadn't seen for a long time.
姪とはいえ、正直抱きたいと思ってしまう。=Though she was my niece, the thought of wanting to hold her with my own hands kept bothering me.
『おじ、さん…？』=『Un, cle...?』
体を見つめ続けていたせいで、乙羽ちゃんが困ったように話し始めた。=I'd stared at her so long, she called out to me in a troubled tone.
『やっぱりこの制服、気になっちゃうかな…？』=『I guess this uniform does bother you after all...?』
『ん…？』=『Nn...?』
俺が思っていたこととは別のことを思っているらしい。=But it seemed that she was thinking of something else entirely.
『この制服ね、前の学校のなの。この学校、セーラーじゃないでしょう？』=『This uniform's from my old school. I mean, this school's uniform's isn't a sailor style one, no?』
『あ、ああ。そうだね。今は夏だから半袖のシャツが多いけど』=『Y-Yeah, it's not. It's summer now so you see a lot of students rocking half sleeves though.』
あまりに無垢な考えに少し面食らって、返した返事に変な焦りが混ざってしまった。=Taken aback by her sheer innocence, my panic ended up bleeding out into my response.
実の姪っ子を性的な目で見ていたことは運よくバレていないようだ。=Luckily, she didn't seem to have noticed that I was looking at my own niece with those eyes.
『昨日ここの制服を買いに行ったら、私に合うサイズを丁度切らしてるって言われたの』=『I tried to go and get the right one but, they were entirely out of my size.』
『入荷するのにちょっと時間がかかるらしくて…』=『And apparently it's gonna take a while for a restock so...』
『だから当分、この制服のままになりそう。学校の方からもそれでいいって言われてるから大丈夫なんだけど…』=『So I'll probably end up wearing this uniform for a bit. The school said it's fine too but...』
困っている乙羽ちゃんをよそに、セーラー服の女学生を当分見られる存外の幸運に興奮していた。=Though she was worried herself, I felt blessed by my own luck at being able to see a student in a sailor uniform.
『それは困ったねぇ…。でも乙羽ちゃんならセーラーでもここの制服でも、どっちでも似合うと思うよ』=『That does sound bothersome... but I think you can rock just about any outfit, whether it's this uniform or the normal one, Otoha-chan.』
『あ、ありがとう…。でも、夏休みで人が少なくても、ちょっと目立っちゃうね』=『T-Thanks, Uncle... But even if there's not many people around because of summer, I still stand out a bit, you know?』
恥ずかしそうにしているのもまたグっとくる。=Seeing her look so shy also sent a jolt through me. I was getting turned on.
意識して抑えないと、目の前の乙羽ちゃんをオカズにする妄想が止まらなくなりそうだ。=I was afraid that I'd end up using her as wank material for later, if I didn't consciously stop myself from doing so.
口を滑らせては面倒になる。話を変えなくては…=It'd be nothing but trouble if something like that slipped out of my mouth now. Let's change the subject...
『そうそう、乙羽ちゃんがこの町に戻ってきたのは昨日だったっけ。姉さんが先にこっちに来てたんだね』=『Ah yeah, you only got back here yesterday, didn't you? Onee-san got here a lot before you.』
『そうなの。お母さんは先にこっちにきて、転居とか、私の転校の手続きとかをしてくれてたみたい』=『Yeah. Mom came over first to deal with all the paperwork like changing our address and getting me registered here.』
乙羽ちゃんはこの町に越してきていた。=So Otoha-chan had moved all the way here, huh?
それもただ越してきただけではなく、正確には一度他所へ越して、再び戻ってきている。=Or rather, she'd moved away once, and then came back here.
『あっちで出来た友達と離れてしまって寂しいだろうねおじさんでよかったら、話を聞くよ』=『Without your friends from school here, I bet it'll probably feel lonely. Feel free to talk to me whenever.』
姪っ子が純粋に心配で…というよりも下心から提案する。=Out of genuine concern for my niece... or rather, out of ulterior motives, I suggested that.
『ううん、大丈夫』=『No, I'm okay.』
『あっちでは皆…受験勉強ばかりだったから、遊んだりした思い出がそんなにないの』=『Back in the city... everyone's there was always just so focused on highschool entrance exams, so I don't have many good memories like that either.』
劣情を帯びた目で見られているとも知らずに、乙羽ちゃんは自分の感情を逸らすためか、脚を軽くもじもじさせた。=Not even realizing what sort of eyes I was looking at her with, she fidgeted restlessly, to hide her own emotions.
子鹿のような足を覆う、柔らかそうな脂肪が俺を誘っているように見えた。=The soft fat on her fawn-like legs almost seemed to be inviting me in.
『そうだったんだね』=『I see. It must have been hard.』
ムラムラしてくるのを抑えながらも、乙羽ちゃんの境遇を思い出す。=Trying my best to suppress my own arousal, I thought back to her family situation.
乙羽ちゃんの両親…つまり俺の姉も、乙羽ちゃんの父親である義理の兄も、近所で有名になるぐらいの=Her parents... that is to say, my sister and brother-in-law have education fever to the point
教育熱心な人間だ。熱心というのはオブラートに包んだ言い方で…正直なところ、常軌を逸している。=that they're famous in the area for it. "Fever" honestly doesn't cut it... it's insane.
やり過ぎの両親の元、乙羽ちゃんは早い段階から有名校を目指すことになって、そのために引っ越しをした。=And with parents like that, Otoha-chan had her path decided already, and that's why she moved, to go to a famous high school.
戻ってきたということは、受験には失敗したということだ。=The fact that she came back means she must have failed the exam, in all likelihood.
それだけが原因ではないが、プライドの高い姉さんは詳しいことは話そうともしない。=Of course, that was probably not the only reason but, that lump of pride that my sister is refused to say a word.
『ごめんね。せっかくおじさんといるのに暗くなっちゃった…』=『I-I'm sorry. I didn't mean to bring the mood down like this...』
『ううん。乙羽ちゃんが大変で、それでも頑張ってるのはおじさん、昔からよく知ってるから。大丈夫だよ』=『No, it's fine. Your uncle knows just how much of a hard worker you are despite everything, so don't worry.』
『ありがとう、おじさん』=『Thanks, uncle.』
心底嬉しそうな返事を返されると、どうしても相対的にムラムラしてしまう。=Hearing her reply with genuine happiness, I just couldn't help myself getting aroused.
昔からそれなりの容姿だったが、正直ここまで可愛く魅惑的に育つとは思っていなかった。=She'd always had a pretty face but I never thought she'd grow up this adorable.
『あ、それでね。前の学校とこっちの学校で授業の進み具合が違っていて…夏休み中に補習に通うことに決まったの』=『Ah and so you know, since the progress level of this school's much further than my old one... I'm going to take extra classes during summer.』
『皆は休みなのに大変だねえ』=『Even though everyone's enjoying summer, huh? Life sure is hard for you, Otoha-chan.』
『でも、勉強は大事だから』=『But studying is important, so you know.』
本当にそう思っているんだろう。乙羽ちゃんといえば勉強ばかりしているイメージが俺にはある。=And she probably does think that way, I'm sure. She does have the image of a studious girl in my mind, after all.
当人がどう過ごしていても体は年齢と共に成熟していく。今、その時期に乙羽ちゃんが差し掛かっていると思うと=Of course, no matter how she spends her own time, her body will keep maturing at its own pace. When I thought about how she
成熟しきった体にはない特有のいやらしさやなまめかしさを感じて、また目が逸らせなくなった。=hadn't quite hit full maturity, and how her body still had that unique charm and allure, I found my gaze locked at her.
『乙羽ちゃんは相変わらず真面目さんだなあ』=『You haven't changed a bit. Serious as ever.』
口ではそういいつつ、欲情で半分上の空になりつつあるのが自分でもわかる。=Though I said that, even I could tell that the blood rushing to my lower half was making me distracted.
風俗でも、こんなに若くてみずみずしい子とは、いくら出したとしても遊べない。=Even at a soapland, I'd never be able to do it with a girl as young as her, no matter how much I cough up.
『これから、補習のことも含めて色々なことを先生と話しをしに行くところなの』=『I was actually on my way to talk to the teacher about the extra lessons and other stuff.』
『知った人がいないから心細かったけど、おじさんが学校にいるなら、なんだかちょっと安心するな』=『I was feeling a bit lonely because I don't know anyone here but, knowing you're here makes me feel better, uncle.』
５年前も、一緒にいた時は人肌が恋しくて、時折、撫でるふりをしてきわどい場所を触ったりもしていたが…=Even 5 years ago, I couldn't help but crave another person's touch, so sometimes I'd pretend to stroke her, and touch her in slightly sensitive places but...
ここまで女として見たことも、触れたいと思ったこともなかった。=It was never this bad. I never looked at her as a proper woman like this, nor did I actually want to lay my hand on her.
夏休み中、学校に通ってくるなら…何かチャンスがあるかもしれない。=But if she's going to come to school for extra classes... there might be a chance for something or other.
何しろ乙羽ちゃんは俺に懐いてくれている。=Either way, she was pretty attached to me, so it wasn't off the table.
『乙羽！こんなところにいたの？』=『Otoha! So this is where you were, huh?』
一瞬で目が覚めるような、俺の苦手な声が廊下に響き渡る。=Suddenly, a voice that I could never bring myself to like echoed through the hall, waking me up in an instant.
乙羽ちゃんの背後、少し離れた場所に見知った人影があった。=Right behind Otoha-chan, there was a familiar figure in the distance.
それが足音と共にどんどん近づいてくる。=With the sound of footsteps, it made its way closer and closer.
『あ、お母さん…』=『Ah, mom...』
『先に学校に行くのは構わないけれど、職員室の近くで待っていてって言ったじゃないの』=『I said I didn't mind you going ahead first but, didn't I also tell you to wait by the staff room?』
『ご、ごめんなさい…』=『I-I'm sorry...』
これが、俺の姉さん…小鳥遊 玲子（たかなし れいこ）だ。=This is, my older sister... Takanashi Reiko.
廊下の静けさが、高圧的な声をより耳障りな音にして反響させている。=The silence of the hallway only made her overbearing voice sound even harsher.
『時間はちゃんと見てたの？』=『Did you even pay attention to the time?』
『う、うん…でも、お母さんがこんなに早く来ると思わなくて』=『I-I did... but I didn't think you'd come by so early.』
『そういうこともあるわよ。時間前行動は常識でしょ？あなたが見つからないから、早く来て正解だったわ』=『That happens sometimes too. So isn't it just common sense to get there early yourself? It's a good thing I came early, since I didn't see you there.』
すっかり縮こまっている乙羽ちゃんへ言い終えると、キッとこちらに視線を向けられる。=After laying down her barrage on Otoha-chan, who'd basically curled up, she turned her gaze to me.
『ちょっと、あなた。仕事中じゃないの？』=『Hey, you. Aren't you at work?』
『…そうだよ』=『...I am.』
やりとりをしたくない。絶対面倒なことになるか、嫌な気分にさせられるだけだ。=I didn't want to deal with her. It was just bound to be troublesome, or just put me in a bad mood.
『乙羽を引き留めて、無駄話するのがあなたの仕事なの？』=『So it's your job to hold my daughter up and talk nonsense to her, is it?』
『………』=『...............』
なんで麗子姉さんは…こいつは、いつも口から嫌味しか吐けないんだろう。=Just why does Reiko-nee-san... this bitch always shovel out nothing but nastiness from her mouth?
たった一言で、人を心底うんざりさせる。=Just one word from her is enough to make anyone sick, I swear.
『あ、あの、お母さん、おじさんが私を引き留めたんじゃなくて私がおじさんを見つけて話しかけたの…だから』=『U-Uhm, mom, he wasn't holding me up, I saw him so I wanted to have a chat and...』
『だからって、そのままずっと立ち話をして、仕事を蔑ろにするのは、断らない大人に責任があるのよ？』=『So what? An adult who doesn't refuse that and wastes time standing around and chatting is to blame for neglecting his work, no?』
『……』=『............』
受験に失敗をした"だけ"で、乙羽ちゃんと麗子姉さんがこの町に戻ってきたわけじゃない。=It wasn't 'just' because of Otoha-chan failing the exam that they came back to this town.
いくら当人が言いたくなくても、家族である以上どうしても知ってしまうこと、隠せないことがある。=No matter how much she herself didn't want to say it, as family, there were some things that she just couldn't hide.
麗子姉さんは、離婚して戻ってきていた。それだけははっきりと知っている。=She'd gotten divorced before she came back. I knew that for sure, if nothing else.
およそ、受験失敗の責任とやらを、義兄[にい/2]さんに押し付けて揉めに揉めて…=In all likelihood, she probably pushed all the responsibility for Otoha-chan failing the exam onto nii-san and argued with him to death...
挙句、三行半を突き付けられたに違いない。=and got slapped with divorce papers in turn. No, I was sure of it.
俺だったら、いくら見た目が良くてもこんな性格の女とは結婚なんかまっぴら御免だ。=Personally, I'd never be caught dead marrying a woman with a personality like hers, even if she was a top class beauty.
『あなたも黙っていないで、仕事を再開したらどうなの？』=『And what are you gawking for? What happened to your actual work?』
『お母様があなたでもできる仕事ってことで、どうにか探してお膳立てしてくれたんでしょう？』=『God knows how much trouble our mother must have gone through to find a job that even you could do. Or am I wrong?』
…確かに、この仕事はお袋が見つけてきた。=...She wasn't wrong. Our mother was the one who found me this job.
母校で勝手を知っていること、そして小鳥遊の人間ということでコネで就職できたのが事実だ。=It was true that I only got this job because I knew my way around the place thanks to it being my alma mater, and because of our family name.
だが、俺が仕事を見つけて欲しいと頼んだわけではない。=But that's not to say that I asked her to do it. She did that all her own.
『せめて全うしなさいよ。まったく…』=『So at least do it properly. Good grief...』
『いい歳して、次から次に仕事を変えて…。あなたには責任感や危機感ってものがないの？』=『A grown man like you, falling headfirst from one job to another... do you have no sense of responsibility or crisis, or something?』
俺が黙ったままということもあって、乙羽ちゃんも困惑したまま黙りこんでいる。=Neither I was in a rush to respond, nor was Otoha-chan in any position to.
麗子姉さんには、この空気をどうにかしようとする気持ちどころか、この空気自体に気付いていない。=And as for Reiko-nee-san, forget trying to fix this atmosphere, she hadn't even noticed it.
『…うるさいなぁ』=『...God, will you shut up?』
『なんですって？』=『What did you say?』
つい口が滑った。というか、我慢の限界だった。=I ended up blurting out. Or rather, I was at my limit.
『麗子姉さんの声が大きいって意味だよ。ッチ…ガミガミ言うしか能がないのかよ…』=『I'm saying your voice is too loud, Reiko-nee-san. Tsk... do you know how to do a single thing other than bitch all day long...』
『何よ、最後にボソボソ言って。言いたいことがあるなら、最後までちゃんとはっきり言ったらどうなの？』=『What was that? You whispered something at the end there. If you've got something to say, how about saying it properly?』
限界だったとはいえ、こうなると麗子姉さんは簡単に止まらない。…やはり口が滑った。=Now that she's going, she won't stop anytime soon... That really was a mistake.
『私は、あなたの為を思って…それに小鳥遊の恥にこれ以上ならないように注意してるの』=『Whose sake do you think I'm saying all this for?... God, bringing shame to the family to the last.』
『お、お母さん…』=『M-Mom...』
恥もなにも…離婚して出戻ってきたことは家の恥じゃないとでも思っているのか。=Shame, huh... and does she think getting divorced and running back home hasn't brought our family any shame at all?
思い始めればイライラがまた募りだす。…とはいえ萎縮している乙羽ちゃんが目に入って、考えを振り払った。=As I thought about it, my irritation kept rocketing up... but when I saw Otoha-chan shrinking back, I shook it off.
どうにか少しでも場を収めよう。=I should calm this situation somehow.
『…ともかく、麗子姉さんも用があって来てるんだろう？』=『...Anyways, you didn't come here for nothing, no?』
『当たり前でしょう。担任の先生との面談が終わったら、ＰＴＡ会長の仕事だってあるの』=『Of course. After I'm done talking to her homeroom teacher, I have things to take care of here as the PTA chair.』
あたかも自分の努力で得た役職だといわんばかりの言い分に、失笑しそうになった。=I almost laughed out loud at her act of pretending that she got that position through her own effort.
…俺がコネでこの仕事を得たのと変わらないくせに。=...In the end, she got it through using our family's name, just like me.
俺の実家、小鳥遊の家はこの町では名家に当たる。ただし、あくまでこの町では、だ。=Our family, the Takanashi family, was a pretty heavyweight family in this town. But only here.
それで多少幅が効く。そういうのもまた田舎特有だ。まったく辟易する。=So we could throw our weight around a bit. That was also something unique to the sticks. It was honestly annoying.
いくら麗子姉さんが自他ともに認める優等生で、自慢のＯＧとはいえ、数年ぶりに戻ってきたばかりの人間が=No matter how much of an honours student she was, and a proud alumna, someone who came back just
交代時期でもないのに、いきなりＰＴＡ会長になれるものじゃない。=the other day after a few years can't just suddenly rise all the way to the seat of PTA chair.
そういう部分に気付かないところは変わっていない。=In the end, she was as oblivious to that as she was about everything else.
『だから、あなたと違って忙しいのよ』=『So unlike you, I'm a very busy woman.』
一言多いところも相変わらずだ。=And just like always, she just couldn't help but run her mouth.
『田舎、…閑散とした小さい町の、学校のたかがＰＴＡ会長がそんなに偉いモンかねぇ』=『I do wonder... does being a PTA chair in a deserted place like this really make one that much of a big shot?』
『っ！！』=『--!!!』
『っ、仕事もしないで、憎まれ口だけ立派で…。家で引きこもっていた時と何も変わってないじゃない！』=『--! Avoiding work like the plague, and only good at spouting nastiness... You haven't changed a bit since the day you shut yourself in!』
何年前の話を出してくるんだ…。=And there it is, that story from years ago...
『お、お母さん、もう行こうよ…。きっと、先生、待ってるよ…』=『M-Mom, let's just go... I'm, sure the teacher's, waiting for us...』
『乙羽は黙ってなさい！』=『You pipe down, Otoha!』
『っ…は、はい…。ごめんなさい…』=『--!... Y-Yes... I'm sorry...』
『仕事だってすぐにやめて戻ってくるし、あなたにお金が渡されてたことも、使い潰したことも知ってるのよ』=『Always quitting jobs and running back home. I know they gave you money too, and that you threw it all away.』
『少なくとも私は、小鳥遊の人間として情けない長男に代わって頑張ってるっていうのに、一体なんなの？』=『And here I'm trying my best not to throw mud at the Takanashi name unlike the eldest son, so exactly what's your problem!?』
『麗子姉さんは、なにかにつけて小鳥遊、小鳥遊って…乙羽ちゃんが怯えてるじゃないか！』=『Reiko-nee-san, it's always Takanashi this, Takanashi that with you... Can't you even see how scared your daughter is?!』
泣き出しそうな乙羽ちゃんに最後は声が荒くなった。それではっとしたのか、麗子姉さんの攻撃が一旦止む。=Seeing her about to burst into tears nearly made me pop a vein. As if taken aback, Reiko-nee-san's barrage stopped for a second.
バツが悪そうに目線が泳ぐ。一応は母親のようだ。=Her eyes swam around, as if embarrassed. Seems like there was a mother in there somewhere.
『…ともかく、あなたがこの仕事をサボったら私の耳に入るんだから。恥をかかせたら承知しないわよ』=『...Anyways, if you slack off on this job, I'll be hearing about it, so don't you dare bring shame to us.』
『お母さん、時間…。ほ、本当に面談に遅れちゃうから…。おじさんだって、お仕事があるだろうし…』=『Mom, the time... W-We really will be late... Even uncle probably has work to do...』
麗子姉さんの勢いが少し弱くなったのを察知した乙羽ちゃんが声を振り絞った。=Sensing that her momentum had weakened, Otoha-chan forced out her small voice.
５年前もこんな感じだったな…。=Things were no different 5 years ago...
小鳥遊の長男ということで何かと誹りを受ける俺と、小鳥遊自慢の才女、麗子姉さんの娘として=I, the eldest son of the Takanashi family, criticized for every single thing, no matter how minor,
優等生であり続け、常に優秀な成績を出さなければ徹底的に叱られる乙羽ちゃん。=and Otoha-chan, the daughter of the family genius Reiko-nee-san, wrung out to hell and back if she got any less than a perfect score.
そんな俺たちは、性別も年齢も違うものの、ある種の仲間意識を持っていた。=Though we were of different generations and gender, we shared a camaraderie of sorts.
共通の敵は、この麗子姉さんだ。=Our common enemy? Reiko-nee-san right here.
…とはいっても、乙羽ちゃんは麗子姉さんを嫌っているわけではなく、苦手というだけだが。=...That said, it wasn't as if she hated her own mother, at best she just didn't get along with her.
『はぁ…そうね。わかったわ。行きましょう』=『Haah... right. Fine. Let's go.』
『あなたにぴったりの、気楽な雑用なんだからせいぜい頑張って頂戴ね』=『It's easy chores, perfect for a man like you, so do your best, will you?』
捨て台詞を吐くと、こっちを見ることもなくさっさと歩き出して行ってしまった。=With that remark, she walked off, without even looking giving a single glance back.
去って清々するどころか、気分の悪さがすごい。だから嫌いなんだ…。=Forget feeling refreshed, I felt terrible. How could anyone ever stand her...
『お、おじさん…あの…ごめんね。お母さんがあんなふうにひどいこと言っちゃって…』=『U-Uncle... uhm... I'm sorry. Mom said all those things...』
『乙羽ちゃんが謝ることじゃないよ』=『There's nothing for you to apologize about, Otoha-chan.』
『でも、私、何も言えなくて…お父さんとの喧嘩もお母さん、ずっとあんなだったの…』=『But, I couldn't, say anything... Mom always used to shout at dad like that too...』
『お母さんは言い方がすごくきついから、おじさんには傷ついて欲しくないの』=『She can be really harsh, and I don't want you to be hurt, uncle.』
…本当に麗子姉さんが生んだ子か首を傾げたくなるほど、乙羽ちゃんは穏やかで性格もいい。=...It really was hard to believe that she was the daughter of the woman that was just here moments ago.
『ははは、大丈夫だよ。でもありがとう』=『Hahahah, I'm fine. But thanks for worrying about me.』
『それに私、おじさんのことを、お母さんが言ってるみたいに思ったことないから…』=『Not to mention, I've never, thought of you the way she talks about you...』
『えっと…なんだかうまく言えなくてごめんね』=『Erhm... I'm sorry, I don't know how to express it well.』
『そんなことないよ』=『Not at all. It's fine.』
『まだ話してたいけど…そろそろ行かないとまた怒られちゃう。…おじさん、またね』=『I want to chat more but... she really will get angry if I don't go. ...See you later, uncle.』
『うん、行っておいで』=『Yeah. Go on now.』
こちらを何度か振り返りながら去って行った。=She looked back several times as she left.
可愛くて性格のいい乙羽ちゃんを見送っていたらあれだけイライラしていた気持ちが収まっていた。=Seeing a girl as cute and gentle as her off was enough to help my irritation melt away.
とはいえ、一瞬でも麗子姉さんの顔が頭をよぎるとまた沸々と腹が立ってきてしまう。=That said, just thinking of Reiko-nee-san's face even for a moment was enough to make it boil up again.
外でしていた作業の疲れもある。ともかく、このまま用務員室に戻って少し昼寝でもしよう。=I was also tired out from the doing work outside. Guess I'll go and take a nap in my 'room'.
と…その前に、乙羽ちゃんでムラムラしたこの性欲をシコって発散させておこうか。=But... before that, I'll use Otoha-chan as masturbation material once.
起きる頃には少しは日も傾いて、暑さがマシになっているだろう。=By the time I wake up, the sun should be a bit less harsh and the heat a bit less suffocating.
目が覚めて身を起こす。夕方のようだ。少し寝すぎたか。=By the time I woke up, it was already evening. I overslept a little.
ややむっとしている部屋が精子くさい。それだけで寝てスッキリしたはずが、イラっとしてしまう。=The suffocating room smelled of semen. Just that was enough to make me irritated again even after that nap.
暑くなるだけだが換気して、さっさと雑務と見回りに出よう。=It'll only make the room hotter, but I might as well ventilate the place and take care of the chores and patrol.
この時間になると、聞こえていた部活の声ももう聞こえない。撤収したのだろう。=I couldn't hear the club activities going on anymore either. They must have packed up and left.
人けがないのは昼と変わらず、聞こえてくる蝉の鳴き声が夕方のものに変わっているだけだ。=It was just as deserted as it was around noon, with the only difference being that the cicadas sounded different.
少し歩いていると、女生徒の話す声が聞こえた。=As I walked, I heard the sound of some girls chatting.
前方に…２人。歩いて近付いていく…=It was... two of them. And they were coming this way...
あれは…=That's...
『あ…おじさん！』=『Ah... uncle!』
乙羽ちゃんが俺に気付いて、顔を明るくした。=Otoha-chan noticed me, and her face lit up.
その声に釣られて、もう一人の人影がこちらを向く。俺を見るなり、目を丸くした。=Drawn in by that voice, the other figure turned towards me. As soon as she saw me, her eyes widened.
『っ！？』=『--!?』
『おじさん、ほらほら、莉乃ちゃんだよ！さっき、偶然そこで会ったの！』=『Uncle, look, it's Rino-chan! I just ran into her over there!』
弾む乙羽ちゃんと対照的に、隣の女の子は俺に気付いてから黙り込んでしまった。=In contrast to Otoha-chan's lifeliness, the girl next to her clammed up after seeing me.
乙羽ちゃんが紹介する通り、隣で無言になった女の子は、彼女の幼馴染の、暁 莉乃（あかつき りの）だ。=Just as she introduced, the silent girl next to her was her childhood friend, Akatsuki Rino.
『莉乃ちゃんにも私が戻ってくることは話してあったんだけど、会う約束はまだしてなくって…』=『I did tell her that I was coming back but, we hadn't made plans to meet up yet...』
『おじさんとも今日初めて会えたし…ふふ、今日はとてもツいてる気がするな』=『And I ran into you too today, uncle... Fufuh, I'm feeling really lucky today.』
乙羽ちゃんと出会った時も驚いたが、莉乃ちゃんが俺を見て目を丸くしたように=I was surprised when I saw Otoha-chan earlier but, just as her eyes widened when she saw me,
俺も彼女がここにいることに内心驚いていた。=I also couldn't help but be secretly surprised that she was here.
…といっても、この学校は一貫校だし、莉乃ちゃんがそのまま進学していても不思議はない。=...That said, it was a combined school, so it wasn't that surprising that she just continued on.
『あれ、もしかして、莉乃ちゃんもおじさんと会うのは久しぶりなのかな？』=『Huh? Has it been a while since you've seen uncle too, Rino-chan?』
『あ、あぁ、うん…。おじさんと会うのは久しぶりかな。でも、なんでこんなとこに…』=『A-Aah, yeah... it has, I guess. But, why is he here...』
『それはね、おじさん、この学校の用務員さんになったんだって。しかもついこの前』=『That's because he actually became the custodian here. Just the other day, even.』
『…へぇ、そ、そうだったんだ。知らなかったな』=『...Heh, I-I see. I didn't know.』
普段はおとなしい乙羽ちゃんが、珍しく活発な様子で俺を手招きする。=Unlike her usual docile self, Otoha-chan was unusually lively and tried to get me to join in.
莉乃ちゃんの様子とは対照的だ。=It was a night and day difference from Rino-chan.
『莉乃ちゃん、どうかしたの？』=『Rino-chan, is something wrong?』
『ううん、何もないよ。ちょっとまだ驚いてて…』=『No, nothing at all. I'm just still a bit surprised so...』
『ほんと、なんかびっくりだよね。すごい偶然！こうして３人揃うと昔を思い出しちゃうね』=『Seriously, it's so surprising, isn't it? What a coincidence, really! It really brings back the memories of us three together, doesn't it?』
『う、うん』=『Y-Yeah.』
…これだけ乙羽ちゃんが弾む理由は分かる。=...I could understand why she was being so lively.
莉乃ちゃんは、乙羽ちゃんの唯一といってもおかしくない友人だ。=Rino-chan was Otoha-chan's closest friend. And the only friend she had, honestly.
麗子姉さんが勉強が第一の生活をさせていたせいで、地元にもかかわらず乙羽ちゃんに友人はほぼいなかった。=Thanks to Reiko-nee-san making studying her absolute number one priority, she had almost no friends, even though it was a small town.
そんな中、幼い頃から根気強く遊びに誘ったり、様子を窺ったりして仲良くしていたのが、この莉乃ちゃんだ。=And yet even with that, Rino-chan was someone who always kept asking her to play with her anyway, even keeping an eye on her.
年齢は乙羽ちゃんよりはやや年上だが、お姉さんらしく明るく活発。そして面倒見のいい子だ。=She was a bit older than Otoha-chan but, she was lively and cheery, and cared for her like her own little sister.
色々と忙しかった麗子姉さんに変わって、昔はよく二人の面倒を見た。=In place of Reiko-nee-san, who was always busy with something or other, I used to look after them a lot.
莉乃ちゃんが、物怖じしやすい乙羽ちゃんの手を引いて新しい遊びや見つけた遊び場に飛び込んでいたのを覚えている。=I still remembered how she used to lead shy Otoha-chan by the hand to new playgrounds and rides she found.
そんなこともあって、俺は莉乃ちゃんのことも、昔からよく知っていた。=Thanks to that, I'd known Rino-chan for a long time myself as well.
『莉乃ちゃん、久しぶり』=『It's been a while, Rino-chan.』
『お久しぶり、です…』=『Yes, it has...』
『……？』=『...?』
乙羽ちゃんが不思議そうに莉乃ちゃんの顔を見る。=Otoha-chan looked at Rino-chan's face with a quizzical expression.
『久しぶりだから、私だって緊張ぐらいするよ』=『It's been a while, you know? Even I can be nervous.』
『うーん…そっか。んー…そうだよね。つい、はしゃいじゃった』=『Nnn... I see. Nnn... makes sense. I guess I got a bit carried away.』
嬉しいような複雑そうな声色で乙羽ちゃんが話を続ける。=She continued, with a happy yet confused tone of voice.
『そうそう、おじさん、莉乃ちゃんは新体操部に入ってるんだって。すごいよね』=『Ah right, uncle. She's in the rhythmic gymnastics club. Isn't that amazing?』
『お、乙羽…』=『O-Otoha...』
『へえ。莉乃ちゃんが新体操かあ』=『Hoh? Rino-chan in rhythmic gymnastics, huh?』
『う、うん…』=『Y-Yeah...』
新体操と聞いてすぐにレオタード姿が頭に思い浮かぶ。=When I heard the words "rhythmic gymnastics", I immediately saw her in a leotard.
ボディラインにぴったり沿う、体つきを隠しようがないエロい衣装を莉乃ちゃんが身にまとっていると思うと、=When the thought about her being in an erotic outfit like that, one that hugged her bodyline perfectly and hid nothing crossed my mind,
自然と目線は、値踏みするように莉乃ちゃんの体に導かれる。=my eyes naturally went towards her body, as if appraising it.
乙羽ちゃんに比べると年上相応の、より女らしい丸みを帯びている体。そして、ほどよく引き締まっている。=Compared to Otoha-chan, her body was more curvy and feminine, fitting her age. And it looked quite springy too.
この子もなかなかいい、好みの体つきに育っている。=Not bad at all. She was growing up perfectly into my own tastes.
…と、あまりじろじろ見ていては上の空になってしまう。２人の話を今は聞こう。=...No, I had to stop staring, else I'd just lose my focus. We were talking, after all.
『私は前の学校では部活してなかったから、ちょっと羨ましいな』=『I didn't join any clubs at my previous school so, I'm a bit jealous almost.』
『乙羽。今度さ、部活見に来てみたら？』=『Otoha. Why don't you come and watch our club activities sometime?』
『うん。でも、私、運動音痴な方だし…新体操だなんて出来そうにもないよ』=『Okay. But I'm not very athletic so... I don't think I could ever do what you do.』
『私も始めた時は何も出来なかったよ。皆はじめはそんなもんだし、挑戦してみたらどう？』=『I couldn't do it when I started out either. Everyone's bad at first, so why not give it a try?』
『う、うん。そうだね。お母さんが許してくれたら考えてみようかな』=『O-Okay. You're right. I'll think about it if mom gives it the okay.』
『あ、そっか。久々に思い出した。乙羽のお母さん、厳しいもんね』=『Ah, right. I forgot about that. Your mom's pretty strict, isn't she?』
『う、うん…せっかく誘ってくれてるのにはっきり返事できなくてごめんね』=『Y-Yeah... sorry I don't have a clear answer for you even though you invited me.』
『ううん。謝ることじゃないよ。乙羽のことは昔からずっと知ってるからさ』=『No, it's fine. Don't apologize. It's not like I don't know how things are for you.』
『…ありがとう。莉乃ちゃんは優しいね』=『...Thanks. You're so sweet, Rino-chan.』
２人のやりとりを聞ききながら、幼い面影を思い出せば、離れ離れになる前と全く変わっていないようだ。=Listening to them talk reminded me of how they were as kids, and the time they'd spent apart didn't seem to have changed them at all.
『そういえば、私が引っ越してからも、しばらくはおじさんと遊んだりしてたの？』=『Come to think of it, after I moved away, did you still go out to play with uncle?』
『…うーん、そんな感じだったかな』=『...Nnn, you could say that.』
『じゃあ、私がいなくなってからも、みんなでよく集まった公園とかに行ってたんだ？』=『So after I left, did you keep going to that park we always went to?』
『うん、まあ…。でも５年も昔のことだし、もうあんまり覚えてないかな』=『Nn, well... I mean, it was 5 years or so ago, so I don't really remember it.』
『あ…そ、そうだよね。…昔のこと、だよね』=『Ah... O-Of course. ...It's all in the past, I guess.』
『うん』=『Yeah.』
『…』=『....』
さっきまで賑やかに話していた２人とは思えない空気が流れる。=The mood was flowing in an entirely different direction to the lively one from before.
乙羽ちゃんは、俺と莉乃ちゃんを交互に見て…それでも何を言ったらいいかわからないといった様子だ。=Otoha-chan looked back and forth between me and her... but still didn't seem to know exactly what to say.
『………そうだ、乙羽。プールが気になってるって言ってたね』=『...Ah right, Otoha. You said you wanted to see the pool, right?』
『うん。前の学校は勉強ばっかりの学校だったからプールの授業も無かったの』=『Yeah. My old school was just all studies and nothing else so we didn't have swimming lessons either.』
『そうなんだ。ここは夏休み中なら、水泳部が使ってるとき以外は自由に入れるから…』=『I see. Well, we can use the pool here freely during summer as long as the swim club's not using it so...』
プールと聞いて、この２人が水着姿になるのを想像した。=Hearing them talk, I imagined them in swimsuits next.
俺が用務員になったのは学校が休みに入ってからだ。授業でプールを使っているのを見たこともない。=I only became a custodian here after summer started. So I hadn't yet gotten to see the pool being used for lessons.
水泳部が使っている時は顧問の教師がいる。でも部員以外が自由に使えるなら、その時にこの２人の水着姿が見られるかもしれない…。=Normally, when the swim club's using it, a teacher's usually there. But if it's just non-club members, I might be able to catch a glimpse of them...
これは楽しみだ。=Now that's something to look forward to.
『…………』=『..................』
考えを見抜くように、莉乃ちゃんが突然こちらを見上げてきた。=As if seeing right through my thoughts, Rino-chan pointed her sharp gaze at me.
『ど、どうしたのかな？』=『W-What's up?』
『莉乃ちゃん…？』=『Rino-chan...?』
『乙羽、プール使用の申請用紙の書き方、あっちで教えるよ』=『Otoha, I'll help you fill out the application to use the pool. Come.』
『えっ…』=『Eh--...』
突然、腕を取られて乙羽ちゃんがよろめきかける。=Having her arm grabbed out of nowhere, Otoha-chan stumbled.
『行こ』=『Let's go.』
『あ、ええっと…わ、わかった』=『Ah, eerhm... O-Okay.』
『お、おじさん、またね』=『S-See you later, uncle.』
状況が読み込めない顔をしたまま、乙羽ちゃんが連れていかれる。=With a look on her face that screamed "I don't understand what's going on", she was dragged away.
みるみる間に２人が遠ざかった。=Soon enough, they were gone.
…俺はまたぶらっと歩き出す。=...And so I started walking again.
乙羽ちゃんとは補習に来るときに会えるだろう。=I'll probably see Otoha-chan again when she comes for her extra classes.
口やかましい麗子姉さんは毎日来るわけでもない。仮に見かけたとしても、話しかけられる前に避けよう。=As for Reiko-nee-san, her naggy self could never be bothered to come everyday. Even if I do see her, I can just avoid her.
そして、莉乃ちゃん。あの子にも会えるだろう。新体操の部活で活躍していることも分かった。=And then there's Rino-chan. I'll probably see her too. I know now that she's a regular at the rhythmic gymnastics club too.
思いもしない再会からの収穫がたっぷりだ。=That's a big harvest for a reunion like this.
今日はさっさと雑務を終わらせて、明日から出会えそうな場所を狙ってどこへ行こうか考えよう。=I should finish my chores quickly and then plan where to hang out tomorrow so that I can run into them.
夏休みだと思って諦めて受け入れていた退屈な毎日に大きな期待が持てる。=I suddenly had a lot of hope for the summer days that I'd already written off as boring.
この夕暮れなら明日もまた晴れて、暑くなるだろう。これからが夏の盛りだ。=It'll probably be another bright and hot day tomorrow. Summer's only beginning after all.
『物心ついた時から、お母さんとお父さんは私にめいっぱい勉強をさせた』=『Ever since I could remember, my mom and dad had pushed me to study as much as I could.』
『自然と同世代の友達は減ってしまった』=『Naturally, I never had any friends of my own age.』
『それでもずっと仲良くしてくれたのは、年上の莉乃ちゃん。本当のお姉ちゃんみたいに接してくれた』=『Still, there was an older girl who was always close to me, Rino-chan. She always treated me like a real sister.』
『そして何より、私には…おじさんが居た』=『And more than anyone else... I had my uncle.』
『おじさんは、たびたびお母さんの目を盗んで私の遊び相手、そして話し相手になってくれた』=『He always made time for me, sneaking around behind my mom's back, to play with me and talk to me.』
『もっと勉強を頑張りなさいと叱られて泣いている時も”乙羽ちゃんは十分頑張ってるよ”と言って』=『Everytime I cried because my parents scolded me for not studying hard enough, he consoled me, telling me that I was doing more than enough.』
『頭をいっぱい撫でてくれて、抱っこをしてくれた』=『He stroked my head lots, and hugged me lots too.』
『それがとても嬉しかった。おじさんはいつも私の味方で、とても優しくて…』=『It made me very happy. He was always so nice to me, always on my side...』
『私はそんなおじさんが大好きだった』=『I loved him lots and lots.』
『でもある時、私達家族は受験勉強とお父さんの仕事の事情で、遠くへ引っ越すことになってしまった』=『But one day, because of my dad's work and highschool entrance exams, our family had to move far away.』
『悲しくて、寂しくて…。どれだけ説得されても、私は引っ越しを嫌がって大泣きをした』=『It made feel so sad, so lonely... no matter how much they tried to convince me, I hated the idea of it, and cried lots.』
『だって、少しだけ…おじさんのことを、男の人として好きだったから。…小さな私の初恋』=『Because, a part of me... loved my uncle, as a woman would. ...It was a little girl's first love.』
『町を離れる日。私は、絶対におじさんのお嫁さんになると伝えた。…今思い出すとちょっと恥ずかしい』=『The day we left town, I told my uncle that I'd come back and marry him someday, no matter what. ...It's a bit embarrassing to think back to that now.』
『その言葉に、おじさんは特に驚くこともなくて…、そうだね、と言いながら笑顔で頭を撫でて頷いてくれた』=『But he didn't really seem all that surprised at those words... he just stroked my head with a smile, just saying "sure".』
『でも、子どもだってあしらわれてるみたいで、とても悲しくて…”約束して”と強くねだった』=『But it felt like he was treating me like a kid, and it made me so sad... that I begged him to promise me.』
『約束するよ、と言ってくれて、私はすごく嬉しくて…。そのお陰で、安心して町を離れることが出来た』=『He said "Okay, I promise", which made me very happy... and it was thanks to that, that I was able to leave our hometown with peace of mind.』
『あれから５年』=『It's been 5 years since then.』
『私はこの町に戻ってきて、おじさんと再会出来た…』=『I've since come back to this town, and have managed to meet him once again...』
━━━=━━━
今日は何人か、おそらく部活動の為に登校してきた生徒を見かけた。=Today, I saw a few students coming in, probably here for club activities.
しかし、俺が前任と変わったことを知らないせいか、不審者を見る目で見てから頭を軽く下げて、足早に去る。=But maybe because they didn't know that I was a replacement for the old man, they looked at me with eyes full of suspicion as they bowed and quickly left.
不審がられるのは仕方がないとはいえ、別の意味でため息が出た。=Even if it was only natural for them to do that, it made me sigh for a different reason.
…この退屈な仕事に期待していたことがある。間近で俺好みの女子学生をこっそり見ることだ。=...There was something I was hoping for from this boring job, you see. Specifically, it was to be able to sneak some views of the sort of school girls I liked.
しかし、なかなか好みの子がいない。=But it was hard to find any.
体だけを見ればも及第点もいるが、それだけだとズリネタにするにはやや使い勝手が悪い。=If you looked at just their bodies alone, there were a few passable ones but, that alone wasn't enough for me to fap to them to.
ＡＶの見過ぎか、若い女学生＝ヤりたくなるような女という図式が頭に染み付いてしまっていた。=Maybe I'd just watched too many pornos. The idea that young schoolgirls = women you'd want to fuck was deeply ingrained in my head.
そう思えば、再会したあの２人。あの２人は贔屓目抜きに別格だ。それに新体操部も目の保養にはなるだろう。=Thinking about it, there were those two. They were in a league of their own, even without my bias. Plus, their rhythmic gymnastics would be a real sight for sore eyes.
しかし、こっちから会いに行くわけにもいかない。どうにかならないものか…。=But still, I couldn't exactly go waltzing in for a look. Think, what can I do...
そんなことを考えながら、はがれかけていた掲示物を乱暴に貼り付け直した時だった。=With thoughts like that in my head, I was in the middle of sticking a half peeled away poster back on the wall when--
『おじさん、こんにちは』=『Hello there, uncle.』
場の空気が一転するような、愛らしい声に驚きながら振り返る。=I turned around in surprise at the adorable voice that seemed to have changed the very mood in the air.
乙羽ちゃんが立っていた。そしてこちらへと向かっていそいそと歩いてくる。=Otoha-chan was standing right there. And seeing me turn around, she started cheerfully walking towards me.
『ああ、びっくりした。乙羽ちゃんか。こんにちは』=『Oh, you surprised me there. Hello, Otoha-chan.』
『おじさん、今日もお仕事ご苦労様です』=『Uncle, thank you for your hard work.』
つい、飢えた目で乙羽ちゃんを見てしまう。いつみても肌艶がよく、清潔感のある子だ。=I couldn't help but look at her with starved eyes. She always had the same glossy skin, and clean look to her.
あれから、乙羽ちゃんを思い起こさせるような女が出ている動画で抜いたせいか、=And maybe because I'd just recently watched a porno featuring a woman that looked almost like her,
漂う清楚さすら、男を誘っているように思えて仕方がない。=but even that 'neatness' of her style seemed to be tempting, luring me in.
『…おじさん？』=『...Uncle?』
『ん、あ、ああ。そういえば、今日は…ほら、前言っていた補習が始まる日なのかい？』=『Nn, y-yeah. Come to think of it, today's... let's see, your extra lessons start from today, do they?』
慌てて、色ボケした頭からどうにか思い出して返事を返した。=Panicking, I somehow managed to dig something out from my lust addled brain as I replied.
『ううん、それはまだなの。今日は、担任の先生と最後の打ち合わせ』=『No, not yet. Today's our last meeting with my homeroom teacher.』
『それで、早めに来て校内をちょっとでも覚えようかなと思って』=『So I thought that maybe I'd come a bit earlier, just to familiarize myself with the school.』
『ほら…私、方向音痴だから新しい建物とかすぐに迷っちゃって…』=『I mean, you know... I'm really bad with directions, so I always get lost easily...』
『でも、またこうやって会えて嬉しいな』=『But I'm glad we got to meet again thanks to that.』
もっと視姦したい気持ちを抑えながら、繕った笑顔を見せると乙羽ちゃんは澄んだ笑顔を返してくる。=As I suppressed my desire to stare at her more, I shot her a stiff smile and got a clear one from her in return.
『あ、それとおじさん、その…ごめんね…』=『Ah, and uncle, uhm... I'm sorry...』
『…急にどうしたんだい？』=『...What for?』
『…ほら、この間…廊下でお母さんのきつい言葉、止められなかったから』=『...The other day... I couldn't stop my mom at all, from saying all those horrible things.』
『ははは…なんだ、あのことをまだ気にしてたのか』=『Hahahah... what, are you still worried about that?』
『え…』=『Eh...』
『麗子姉さんの性格は、乙羽ちゃんが生まれる前から知っているし』=『She's my older sister, so I've been used to it for longer than you've been alive, Otoha-chan.』
『何より、乙羽ちゃんは何も悪いことをしていないんだから謝ることなんて何もないんだよ』=『And more than anything else, was it you who did it? No, right? So there's nothing for you to apologize for.』
『あの時も優しい言葉をかけてくれたし、それでおじさんも落ち着いたから、忘れていたぐらいだよ』=『You tried to apologize for your mom back then too, and that helped me calm down, so I honestly forgot about it.』
『…おじさん』=『...Uncle.』
『ありがとう。やっぱりおじさんはすっごく優しいね。私が小さい頃からずーっと優しい』=『Thank you. You really are always so nice to me. You've always been like that, since I was little.』
『ははは。大袈裟だなぁ。それに、乙羽ちゃんも昔から優しい子だよ』=『Hahahah, you're making a big deal out of it. You've always been a nice girl too, so it's only natural.』
『ふふ、ありがとう』=『Fufuh, thank you.』
言葉を交わしているうちに、どうしても体に目が行ってしまう。真意に気付いていないようだし構わないだろう。=As we talked, my eyes inevitably went down to her body. Even now she hadn't noticed, so it was probably fine.
『初めて会った日も思ったけど、やっぱり見ないうちに随分大きくなって、変わったねぇ』=『I thought as much when I saw you back then, but you really did grow and change a whole lot in the past few years.』
『そう？身長とかは全然違うけど…中身は特に変わってなくて…今もこうやってすぐおじさんに甘えちゃうし』=『You think? I've grown bigger and stuff for sure but... I don't think I'm all that different inside... even now, I can't help but cling to you, uncle.』
『今も昔も可愛い乙羽ちゃんだから、おじさん大歓迎だよ』=『You were and still are adorable, so I don't mind at all.』
優しさだけで懐いてくれる純粋な姪っ子なら、色んな意味で大歓迎だ。=Especially when all I had to do was be nice to her.
『ふふ。褒められ過ぎて、なんだか緊張してきちゃった』=『Fufuh, you're praising me too much, uncle. I'm getting nervous now.』
『緊張してる乙羽ちゃんを見てると、お別れした日のことを思い出すよ』=『You know, that reminds me. The last time I remember you being seriously nervous was back when you left.』
『お別れした、日……。あ、５年前の…』=『The day I left?... Ah, 5 years ago...』
『そ、それって…すっごく泣いちゃったこととか…、…もしかして……や、約束のこと…とか…？』=『A-Are you talking about... how I cried really hard... or maybe... a-about that... promise...?』
ああ、そういえば…なにかそんなことを言っていたような。=Aah, come to think of it... she did say something like that, didn't she?
言われて今思い出した。=I'm remembering it now that she brought it up.
あの日に言われたこと……約束…？=A promise, huh... what was it...?
『約束…？どんな約束かな？』=『A promise...? What sort of promise was it?』
尋ねながら、俺もあの日に何を言われていたかを思い出そうとしていた。=As I asked her, I was myself trying to remember what it was she said that day.
そしておぼろげながら思いだした。=And though vague, I remembered something.
『え…、あ…えっと…』=『Eh... ah.. erhm....』
『っ、えぇっと…な、何も。っ…き、気にしないで！』=『E-Erhm... n-nothing... d-don't worry about it! It was nothing!』
…この反応からすると、おそらく、”あの約束”のことだろう。=...Looking at her reaction, it was probably "that kind" of a promise.
でも、あえて今は忘れたふりをしておこう。覚えていると答えたところで、果たせる話でもない。=But for now, let's pretend that I forgot about it. It's not like it could ever come true.
目の保養以上のことは期待できない。=I can't hope for more than eye-candy here.
『ごめんね。最近すぐに思い出せないことが増えちゃって。おじさんももう歳だなぁ、ははは』=『Sorry, I've been forgetting a lot of things lately. I must be getting old, hahahah.』
『う、ううん！おじさん、まだ全然若いし…それに…だから……その、えっと…』=『N-Not at all! You're still super young, uncle... and not to mention... you know... uhm, erhmm...』
何を考えているんだろう。=Just what could she be thinking right now?
５年も昔の、幼い言葉を話して思い詰めたように黙る。そんな乙羽ちゃんの純真さに感心してしまう。=She brought up her naive words from 5 years ago, and was almost brooding over them. I couldn't help but be amazed at her innocence.
純真ゆえに傷つけて遠ざかられてしまってはもったいない。フォローをしておこう。=It'd be a shame to hurt her and distance myself from her just because she's still naive though. So I'll support her instead.
『なんだい？気にしないで、昔みたいになんでもおじさんに言ってごらんよ』=『What is it? Don't mind it, feel free to tell me anything, like you used to.』
『じゃあ、その…えっと…』=『Then, uhm... erhm....』
『あのっ…お、おじさんは、今付き合ってる女の人…とか…いるのかな…？』=『Uhm--! ...U-Uncle, is there anyone that you're... dating... right now...?』
『おや、また急に。そんなこと…どうしたんだい？』=『Oh? Another one out of the blue there. Let's see... why do you want to know that?』
予想外の問いに驚きを隠しつつ、ゆっくり尋ねる。=I slowly asked her, hiding my own surprise at the unexpected question.
『それは…その……お母さんは、あまりおじさんの話をしてくれないから…結婚とかもうしてたりして、とか…』=『That's... uhm... mom uh, never really talks about you so... I was wondering if you were already married or...』
『け、結婚してるかだけが気になってるんじゃないの。なんていうか、最近おじさんどうしてるかなーなんて』=『T-That's not to say that I only want to know if you're married, or not. I just, I want to know how things are going for you, uncle.』
どうやら、順調に発育している体に伴い、それなりに色気づいているようだ。=Looks like her mind wasn't far behind her growing body, considering how sexually aware she was getting.
麗子姉さんが放つ、嫌味のこもった『相手もいないのか』といったものとは全く違う。=It was completely different from the bitter and sarcastic "What, still no girlfriend?" that my sister spat out every now and then.
あまりの他愛のなさに眩しさを感じる反面、どうしてもムラムラしてきてしまう。=Though I was almost dazzled by her innocence, I couldn't help but start feeling horny too.
『ははは、乙羽ちゃんもそういうことが気になる年頃になったかぁ。……結婚かぁ。どうだろうねえ？』=『Hahahah, I see you're getting to that age yourself, huh? ...Marriage, huh? I do wonder.』
『ほんと、急に変なこと聞いてごめんなさい！』=『Really, I'm sorry for asking something so weird out of the blue!』
『いいよいいよ。乙羽ちゃんは前の学校からこっちに移って好きな人と離れ離れになっちゃったかな？』=『It's fine, it's fine. Say, Otoha-chan, did moving back here mean splitting up with someone you liked back there?』
『う、ううん…そんな人はいなくて。あっちでもずっと勉強ばっかりで、皆そんな感じだったから』=『N-No... there's nobody like that. Everyone over there was always just studying, so nobody had time.』
『そっかそっか。向こうでもずっと頑張ってたんだね』=『I see, I see. You were working hard over there too, huh?』
見た目通りの処女、という単語が頭に浮かぶ。=The words "virgin as she looked" popped up in my head.
…それが猛烈に劣情を掻き立てた。ここまで純真で無垢な若い娘を、この手で汚したい。=...And they stirred up my lust like nothing else. I couldn't help but want to defile a girl this innocent, with my own two hands.
姪にこんな気持ちを抱くとは、自分でも見境がないとは思うが…しかし、姪だからこそ背徳感がそそられる。=Even I'm not so far gone to think nothing of thinking this way about my own niece but... that's exactly why it felt immorally arousing.
『でも、私、頑張ったけど、知ってる通り…』=『I did, a lot. But as you know...』
『大丈夫。乙羽ちゃんは今も昔も、十分頑張ってるよ。本当にすごいと思ってる。自慢の姪っ子だよ』=『It's fine. You've always worked plenty hard, and I know that. I think you're amazing. I'm proud of you.』
『おじさん…』=『Uncle...』
静かな廊下に朗々と、時刻の区切りを報せる音が鳴りひびく。=A loud gong from the school clock resounded out through the quiet hallway, notifying us of the passage of time.
俺が働いているように、夏休みでも補習や部活のために学校は常に動いている。=Just as I was on the clock still, the school was always alive even through the summer, whether for club activities or for extra classes.
『えっ、あれ、今何時？！』=『Eh--, what time is it right now!?』
『そうだなぁ…どれ、ああ…もうすぐ１時だね』=『Let's see... hmm... almost 1, I'd say.』
『わっ！ご、ごめんなさい。もう行かないと！先生もお母さんもきっと待ってる！』=『Wah--! I-I'm sorry, I gotta go! I'm sure both mom and the teacher are waiting for me!』
『ああ。行っておいで』=『Yeah, go on, Otoha-chan.』
『おじさん、またね！』=『See you later, uncle!』
走り去る姿を見ながら、押さえ込んでいた邪な気持ちに思いを巡らせる。=As I watched her run off, I reflected over the evil feelings I'd been suppressing through our chat.
乙羽ちゃんは、あらゆる意味で男というものを知らなさ過ぎる。無防備そのものといっていい。=Otoha-chan knows too little about men, in every sense of the word. "Defenseless" doesn't begin to describe her.
見境なく抱いてしまった劣情は決して表に出さず…こっそり、そしてたっぷり視姦させてもらおう。=I'll have to make sure to keep this lust hidden deep inside... as I secretly watch her to my heart's content.
『はぁ…はぁ…ふぅ…はぁ…』=『Haah... haah... fuuh... haah...』
『嘘言って、逃げてきちゃった…。用事までは、まだちょっと時間あるのに…』=『I lied to him, and ran away... even though there's still, some time until the meeting...』
『おじさん、やっぱり優しいな……』=『He really is just so nice to me...』
『普通に話せてたのに…。変な事ばっかり聞いちゃった…。おじさん、困ってたよね？』=『Even though we finally got to chat normally... I ended up asking just weird stuff... I bet he was really bothered.』
『おじさん…あの約束、本当に忘れちゃったのかな…』=『Uncle... did you really forget that promise...』
『私をお嫁さんにして…』=『To make me your wife...』
『…なんて、私、小さかったもんね…』=『...I really was little back then, so no wonder...』
『彼女がいるかどうかは、はぐらかされちゃった』=『He dodged the question about his girlfriend too.』
『おじさん…言わないってことは、彼女さんいるのかなぁ…。いないのかなぁ…』=『Uncle... does the fact that you didn't tell me, mean that you do have one... or that you don't...』
『…はぁ。いたら…おじさんの好きな女の人ってどんな人なんだろ…』=『...Haah. If he does... just what sort of woman would it be anyway, the sort that uncle likes...』
『タイプの髪形とか、身長とか…胸のサイズとか…うーん、私、おじさんの好み全然知らないな。』=『Her hairstyle, her height... her chest size.... nnn, I don't know a single thing about what he likes.』
『デートしたり…そうだ、この町なら駅前かな…？それとも、おじさんの部屋とかで一緒に過ごすのかな。』=『Like what sort of dates... oh yeah, would the train station be a good spot for it...? Or maybe we could just hang out in his room too.』
『男の人としてのおじさんと付き合って、デートかぁ…』=『A date with uncle, as a man and woman, huh...』
『胸がぎゅっとなって、…なのにドキドキしてくる。』=『I can feel my chest tightening... and my heart pounding.』
『私、こんなことあんまり考えたことなかったのに…。』=『Even though I've never really thought about this stuff before...』
『付き合うってことは…手を繋いだりするんだよね』=『If we were to go out... we'd hold hands and stuff, right?』
『ちょっと想像するくらいなら…いいよね。』=『Just imagining it for a bit... shouldn't hurt, right?』
『昔に、手を繋いでくれた感じじゃなくて…男の人として…好きな、女の人の手を…』=『Not like the way he used to hold my hand back then... but as a man... holding the hand of the woman he loves...』
『…多分、ぎゅって手を握って…』=『...He'd probably, squeeze it tight...』
『漫画みたいな感じで…。うーん、でも、おじさんほど年上の人だとそんなことはしない…とか？』=『Like in a manga... Nnn, but an older man like him wouldn't do that... maybe?』
『はー…』=『Haah....』
『顔が熱い。気持ちいいドキドキが続いてる。昔、手を繋いでくれたことよりもっと先のコト…。』=『My face is all hot. My heart keeps pounding, it feels so nice. But beyond just holding hands, I...』
『っていっても、私には何も経験がないからはっきり思い浮かべられるのは手の温かさだけ。』=『In the end, I still have no experience with anything, so the only thing I can imagine is his warm hand.』
『それしか知らないから、当たり前だけど…。…なんだか寂しい。』=『That's the only thing I know, so it's just natural but... I don't like it. Now I feel lonely.』
『私、おじさん以外好きになったことないし、男の人と付き合ったこともないから全然わかんない』=『I've never been in love with anyone else, and I've never dated anyone, so I don't know at all.』
『でも、やっぱり…彼女なら…抱きしめ合ったり……キス…したり………する、よね』=『But, if I really was... his girlfriend... he'd hug me... and... kiss... me, right?』
『おじさんに抱きしめられたらどんな感じかな…？』=『I wonder what it'd feel like, to be hugged by uncle like that...?』
『キスって…実際どんな感じなんだろう……。おじさんとしたら……』=『Just what does... kissing even feel like... if uncle and I ki...』
『すっごく、ドキドキしてきた…落ち着かなきゃ…。私、お嫁さんになりたいなんて言ってて』=『Now my heart is, really pounding... I gotta calm down... I said all that about being his wife, and just this is making me...』
『しかも、さっきその約束を確認しちゃった…。結婚って彼女以上ってことなんだし…。』=『Not to mention, that promise... being a wife is way higher than being a girlfriend...』
『彼女以上…ってことはキス以上のことも…する、よね』=『So we'd do something more than... just kissing... wouldn't, we?』
『わっわっ、すっごく恥ずかしくなってきた…！ひとりでいたら妄想が止まんなくなっちゃう！』=『Wawah--, so embarrassing...! At this rate, I won't be able to stop daydreaming!』
『こんなこと考えてないで…。ちょっと早いけど、もう職員室行ってもいいよね』=『I need to stop... it's a bit early, but it shouldn't be a problem to head to the staff room already, right?』
『えっと…』=『Erhm...』
『うわ、もうこんな時間…！本当に遅刻しちゃう！』=『Uwah, it's already...! I really will be late at this rate!』
『ちょっと走っちゃったって言えば、顔が赤いのも誤魔化せるよね。』=『If I say that I ran all the way there, they won't think too much about how red my face is, right?』
今日の暑さは昨日にまして異常だった。=Today's heat was incomparable to yesterday's.
裏庭の草むしりをやめ、炎天下を避けて廊下の掃除に予定変更した。=I gave up on weeding the ground, and instead pushed hallway cleaning up the schedule to avoid the sun.
ある程度綺麗になり、一息ついて壁にもたれる。その時、どこからか足音が聞こえた。=Having cleaned up a fair bit, I leaned against the wall to take a breather. Just then, I heard footsteps.
パタパタと聞こえる小さく遠い足音は、背を預けている壁のすぐそばからのびた階上から聞こえる。=The small and somewhat distant footsteps seemed to have been coming from the above the staircase right next to the wall I was leaning against.
やたらせわしなく動き回っているその足音は、教員ではなく生徒のように思える。=The restless pitter patter of the steps sounded more like that of a student rather than a teacher.
『…、………、……』=『..., ......, .....』
女の子の呟くような声が聞こえた。誰だろう…？=I heard the sound of a girl's whispers. Just who could it be...?
『…れもいないし、どうしよう。教室、どこかな…。うー…この階じゃなくて１つ下だったのかも…』=『...obody's here, what do I do? Where's the classroom... Uuu... am I on the wrong floor...』
この声は……乙羽ちゃんか？=That voice... is it Otoha-chan?
どうやら迷っているらしい。こっちから上がっていって声を掛けようか。それとも…=Seems like she's lost. Should I go and call out to her? Or maybe...
そう思った瞬間に、こっちへと降りてくる足音が大きくなる。=The moment I had that thought, the footsteps became louder, in my direction.
そして、踊り場より少し上の階段からひょこっと頭が見えた。=Then I saw a head pop out, a few steps above the landing.
『あっ』=『Ah--』
俺と目が合うと、驚きの次にすぐ笑顔になった。=When our eyes met, she did a double take from surprise, before smiling back.
『おじさーん！』=『Uncle!』
手を振りながら、こっちを見て何段か駆け下りた。=As she waved at me, she ran down the steps, without looking away.
そして踊り場に辿り着き、そのまま足を止めずに俺のいる階への階段を再び降り始める。=Reaching the landing, she started going down the steps towards me without stopping for even a moment.
『おっ、乙羽ちゃん。こんな珍しいところに』=『Oh--, Otoha-chan. Didn't expect to see you here.』
俺を見つけたことがよほど嬉しいのか、こっちの顔を見たまま更に駆け下りる足が速くなる。=She must have been very happy to see me, as she ran down even faster, while still staring right at my face.
『こんなところで会えるなんて偶然だね！ふふ、嬉し…っ』=『What a coincidence, really! Fufuh--, I'm so ha...--!』
あ…。まだ数段以上あるのに、乙羽ちゃんの態勢が前のめりに崩れるのがわかった。=Ah... there were still a few steps to go, but I could see her posture collapsing forwards in realtime.
『っ危な…！！』=『Hey--...!!』
『お、乙羽ちゃん、大丈夫…？』=『O-Otoha-chan, are you okay...?』
まだ心臓が早鐘を打っている。=My heart was still pounding from the adrenaline.
…乙羽ちゃんを受け止められた、か？=...Did I manage to catch her?
『お、じ…さん…』=『Un... cle...』
ああ…。=Aah...
目と鼻の先の距離に、硬直した表情の乙羽ちゃんがいる……ということは、大丈夫だったようだ…。=She was there, right in front of my face, petrified... so she was alright, phew...
『お、っおじさん、私っ…、』=『U--, Uncle, I--...』
『…怪我はないかい？いてて…』=『...Are you hurt? Tsss...』
どうにか肩を抱こうとしたが、咄嗟のことで、しかも飛びつくように倒れ込む勢いに負けてしまい…=I'd tried to catch her by her shoulders but, since it was so sudden, her flying momentum managed to topple me too...
バランスが取れず、尻餅をついてしまった。=and so I lost my balance, and fell on my ass.
『だ、大丈夫…？』=『A-Are you okaay....?』
…良かった。それにしても…乙羽ちゃんがものすごく近い…。=...Great. Still... she's really close....
女の…というより、もっと淡く甘い、女の子特有のいい匂いがする。それを吸いこもうと鼻が勝手にうごめく。=I smelt a woman's... no, a faintly sweet, girlish scent. My nose worked overtime on its own to inhale it.
ああ、久しぶりの女[メス/1]の匂い…。いや、久しぶりどころか初めてじゃないかと思うほどの極上の香りだ。=Aah, it's been a while since I've gotten a whiff of a woman... No, it was so exquisite, it felt like my first time.
しかも、密着しているせいで、それを温めた体のぬくもりまではっきりとわかる。=And what's more, because we were so close, I could even feel the warmth of the body it came from.
『ご、ごめんなさい！おじさん、痛いの？大丈夫？』=『I-I'm sorry! Uncle, does it hurt? Are you okay?』
『あ、ああ…大丈夫。尻餅をつくみたいに転んだから大したことないよ』=『Y-Yeah... I'm fine. I fell on my butt so it wasn't that bad.』
ジンジンしているが本当に大したことはないはずだ。=It was still tingling, but it really shouldn't be anything that serious.
そんなことよりも乙羽ちゃんからのいい匂いに、猛烈にムラムラしてしまっている。=More importantly, the sweet scent coming from her was making me ridiculously horny.
乙羽ちゃんを起こして、俺も起きよう。=I needed to get her off me, and then get up myself.
でないと、確実に勃起してしまう。オカズにした女の子が腕の中にいる。勃起しない方がおかしいだろう。=Else, I'd definitely end up popping a chub. The girl I wanked to just the other day was in my arms. It'd be weirder if I didn't get hard.
ん…？=Nn...?
俺の手が触っているのは…=Right now, my hands were...
…乙羽ちゃんのおっぱいだ。=...right on her boobs.
『…？！』=『...?!』
『あ、お、おじさん、ごめんね。重いよね』=『U-U-Uncle, I'm sorry. I must be heavy.』
いや、そうじゃない。今俺の手に…遠慮なく押し当てられているのは、呼吸がかかるほどの距離にいるこの子の乳房だ。=No, that wasn't it. Right now, my hands were... being pressed thoroughly against the chest of this girl, who was so close to me that I could feel her breath.
ブラジャー越しだろうに…柔らかく、そして張りがあるのがわかる。=Even though it was through a bra... I could still feel just how soft, yet firm they were.
つい、手指に力が入ってしまう。=My fingers moved on their own.
ああ…想像していた通りの感触だ。=Aah... yep, it was exactly the sensation I expected.
『い、今どくねっ…！！』=『I-I'll move right away--...!!』
乙羽ちゃんも、密着し過ぎていることに気付いたらしいが、下手に動かれるといつまでたっても起き上がれない。=Otoha-chan seemed to have noticed herself, that we were too close, but if she keeps up that restless fumbling, she'll never manage to get up.
まだ若い発育途中の胸が俺のてのひらに当たって、むにむにと肉感のままに動いている。=Her youthful, still developing chest was pushing itself into my palms, moving and squeezing itself softly.
これは…かなり、ヤバい…。すべてをすっ飛ばしてチンポを突っ込みたくなる衝動がつき上がってくる。=This is... not good.... the urge to just throw caution to the wind and stick my dick in was slowly overtaking me.
視姦していただけの子、実の姪っ子…。今はそうではなく、本当にこんな風に間近に見ながら=She was my niece, a girl I'd only oggled until now... But now, I wanted to hold her, fuck her while looking at her up close.
犯したい。この子とセックスがしたい。男を教えたい。もっと頬を赤らめさせて、俺の手で絶頂を迎えさせたい。=I wanted to teach her what a man was. I wanted to make her blush, and make her climax with my own hands.
一体どんな声で鳴くんだろうか。今聞いているような声の高さか、最初はどんな風に…=Just what sort of moans would she make? Would they be high pitched like her yelps just now, or...
『あっ…んん……』=『Ah--... nnn...』
と、乙羽ちゃんが静かに声を殺しながら喘いだことでようやく我に返った。=But as I heard her trying to hold in her gasps, I came back to my senses.
『お、俺が起き上がるよ』=『I-I'll get up and out, sec.』
冷静を装おうが早口になる。頭の中は乙羽ちゃんの肉体をあさって貪る情欲ではちきれそうだ。=I tried to stay calm, but my words came out rapid fire. In my head, there was nothing but the desire to devour her.
我慢していた劣情が一気に、そして最早、止めようもなくなってしまう。呼吸が荒くなる。=The lust I'd been holding in exploded out, no longer under my control. My breathing became rough.
このまま触っていたい。もっと揉みしだきたい。サイズ通りの感触が生々しくいやらしい。=I wanted to keep touching her more. I wanted to rub them. The feeling of them, befitting their size, felt obscenely raw in my palms.
この服の下は…見えている肌と同じ、きめの細かい皮膚に覆われてみずみずしく、すべすべしているんだろう。=Buried under her clothes... was I'm sure the same fine and smooth skin, as she had everywhere else.
そして、その中央にある突起は…。=And at the very centers of her mounds...
『やっ…んっ、わ、私がどけばっ…』=『Yah--... nn--, n-no, I'll--...』
つい、軽く揉み上げてしまった。でもわざととはバレてはいないだろう。=I couldn't help give them a squeeze. Not like she'd realize that I did it on purpose.
もっと聞きたい。触りたい。声を上げさせたい。せっかくだ。こんな好機は二度とないかもしれない。=I wanted to hear her more. I wanted to touch her more. I wanted to make her moan. An opportunity like this might never come again.
『乙羽ちゃん…』=『Otoha-chan...』
あともう1度だけ感触を楽しみたい。=I wanted to enjoy the sensation, just one more time.
呼吸に合わせてバレないように指を微動させる。=I moved my fingers in time with our breathing, so that she wouldn't notice.
『わっ…私どうしたら』=『Wah--... what do I--』
乙羽ちゃんの顔がどんどん赤くなっていく。この近さで…たまらなく煽情的だ。=Her face was getting redder and redder. From this up close... it was ridiculously provocative.
呼吸も同時に荒い。セックスの前戯そのもののように思えてくる。=Her breathing was getting rough too. It almost felt like foreplay.
『乙羽ちゃん、えっと…』=『Otoha-chan, erhm...』
指が、手が幸せだ。…やはり犯したくてたまらなくなる。このまま上下を逆転させ組み敷いて押し倒したい。=My fingers, my hands were in paradise. ...I couldn't help but want to ravish her. I wanted to turn her over, pin her down and do her like this.
そう。押し倒し、乱暴に押さえつけ、脚を開かせ…=Yes, push her down, hold her down under me, and spread her legs, and...
『おっ…おじさん…あの……”何か”…当たっ、てる…』=『U--... Uncle... uhm... "something" is... poking, into...』
『っ…』=『--...』
しまった……。ここまで想像して興奮しているなら勃起していて当然だ。=Damn... Of course I got an erection, considering I was imagining all that.
興奮して勃起するなど、いつもなら何も思わないが、今は相手と体が密着している。=Normally, I'd never think much of it but, right now she was pressed against me.
そしてその相手にバレている。おまけに姪っ子だ。=And she could feel it. And she was my niece, at that.
一瞬、血の気が引いた。=For a moment, all the blood drained from my face.
だが、乙羽ちゃんの表情はこちらの下劣さを忌む様子もなく、ただ恥じらい戸惑っているだけのようだ。=But Otoha-chan didn't seem to be disgusted by my vile side at all, she just seemed to be embarrassed and confused.
…ここは笑って流した方がお互いのためだろう。=...It'd be better for the both of us to just laugh this off and never talk about it again.
うまく収める方法などそれ以外に思いつかない。=I couldn't think of any better way to settle this other than that.
『ご、ごめんごめん。ははは…』=『S-Sorry, my bad. Hahahah...』
『う、ううん。そのっ……男の人、だもん…ね。わ、私こそごめんなさい……』=『N-No. Uhm--... you're a man, so... I-I'm sorry too...』
この反応はなんなのだろう。生来の優しさからなのか、戸惑っているからか…。=Just what is that reaction? Is it just her innate soft nature, or is she confused, or what...
少しばかり冷静になった気持ちで、乙羽ちゃんを抱き起す。=Feeling a bit calmer myself thanks to it, I picked her up and off myself.
『その…本当に、大丈夫かい？』=『Uhm... are you really okay?』
気取ってみるが、まだギンギンに反応したままの股間をかかえて、しかも、互いに息が荒いままだ。=I tried to put on an act, but my crotch was still pitching a tent, and we were both breathing roughly.
白々しさが際立つ。=It was just way too shameless a question to ask.
『ん…』=『Nn...』
『そうか。……ならよかった』=『I see. ...That's good then.』
『い…１のＢって教室…この階にあるかな…？』=『I... Is the class 1-B... on this floor...?』
『ああ、それならこの階の突き当りまで行って、階段を上がらずに、少し回り込むようにした所にあるよ』=『Yeah, just go to the end of the hall, and don't go up the stairs, it's just around the corner from them.』
説明しながら、さっきまであった手指の感触をもう一度…と思って仕方がない。=As I was explaining to her, the sensation of her chest against my fingers... was still lingering in my mind.
『あ、ありがと。私、これから初めての補習なのに迷っちゃて……行くねっ』=『T-Thank you, uncle. It's my first extra class, so I got lost... I'm gonna go then--!』
乙羽ちゃんの姿が見えなくなっても、イチモツは萎えることなくガチガチにいきり立ったままだ。=Even long after she was gone, forget going limp, my cock was harder than ever.
バレたことよりも、あのままもつれあっていられなかったことにため息が出た。=I sighed at the fact that we couldn't stay tangled like that for a bit longer, not even bothering to worry about her noticing my erection.
『はぁっ、はぁっ…』=『Haah--, haah--....』
『はぁ…っはぁ……っはぁ』=『Haah... haah... haah...』
『走ってきちゃった…ちょっと落ち着かなきゃ…。』=『I ran all the way... I need to calm down...』
『おじさん…私の胸……。』=『Uncle's... on my chest...』
『おじさんの手が…こう…』=『His hands... like this...』
『んっ…んんっ…』=『Nn--... nnnn--...』
『やだっ。変な声、出るっ…。』=『Gosh--. I'm making, weird noises--...』
『なにこれ…すごくドキドキする。おじさんに触られたって思ったら…変な感じ。むずむずして…』=『What is this... my heart's pounding so much. When I think about how he touched me... it feels weird. My body feels...』
『もっと…、触ってみたい…。隠れて…この、陰なら…。』=『I want to... touch myself more... maybe... in the, shadows here...』
『おじさんの……好きな男の人の手で、触られて…んっ…』=『Uncle's... the hands of the man I love, touching me... nn--...』
『自分で…触ってる…のに、あの時と全然違う……。なのに…思い出したら、私…すごく興奮しちゃってる…。』=『Even though... I'm touching them myself... it feels completely different... and yet... thinking back to it... is making me so aroused...』
『私のおっぱいで…おじさんのあそこ…凄く硬くなって…。っはぁ、はぁ…』=『My boobs... made him... so hard down there... haah, haah...』
『っ…！！！　私…自分の言葉でも興奮してる。』=『--...!!! Even my own words... were arousing me.』
『ゾワゾワする…。はぁ…、んっ…。』=『I feel so restless... haah... nn--...』
『はぁ、ふぅ…はぁ…っ』=『Haah, fuuh... haah....』
『乳首、服の上から分かっちゃうぐらいになってる。ブラジャーを押し上げちゃって…擦れてる。』=『You can even, see my nipples through the clothes now. They're pushing up against my bra... rubbing against it.』
『はぁっはぁっ…』=『Haah--, haah--....』
『苦しい。走った後の苦しさじゃなくて……なんなの、これ…。』=『It feels harsh. I'm out of breath. But not from the run... what is, this...』
『おじさんの…お、おっきかった…。あれが…男の人の、お…お…おちんちん……だよね…』=『Uncle's... w-was so big... that was... a man's... d... d... dick... wasn't it....』
『おじさんが私で興奮したから…はぁはぁ…あんなふうになるんだよね…』=『He became like that... haahaaah... because he got aroused too, didn't he...』
『おっきくなってたってことは…。』=『The fact that he got big means...』
『エ…エッチ、出来るとか……したいから…なっちゃうんだっけ…。』=『We... we could, have sex... men get hard... when they want to have sex, right?...』
『はあ、はあっ…』=『Haah, haaah--....』
『でも、アレが私の中に入る…ってこと、だよね？あんなおっきいのが…入るの…？』=『But, that means it'll go... inside me, right? Something that big... inside me...?』
『汗が噴き出てきてる。すごく熱い。』=『I'm sweating so much. I feel so hot.』
『はぁ、はぁ…でも入っちゃうのかな…どんな感じになっちゃうんだろ…。すごく、痛そう…』=『Haah, haah... but would it really fit... what would it feel like... it sounds, painful...』
『はぁ…、ぁ…。き、気持ちよくなるのかな…。男の人のが…大きくなるの、本当はあんな感じなんだ…』=『Haah... ah... w-will it feel good... that's how... men get big, huh...』
『胸触るの、止まらない。こんなこと、学校でするなんて…補習、行かなくちゃいけないのに。』=『I can't, stop touching myself. I can't believe I'm doing this at school... even though I've got extra lessons to attend.』
『ん…っは…ぁ…、っぁ…は…』=『Nn... hah... ah... ah... haah...』
『胸、おっぱい触ってるだけなのに…触られたって思ったら全然違う…知らない感覚が体の奥から湧いてくる。』=『Even though I'm just touching my chest, my boobs... it feels completely different when I imagine it's him... I can feel something I don't know, gushing out from deep inside me.』
『ジンジンしてゾワゾワして、頭が…グラグラする。息が出来てないみたいで、鼻の奥がツーンってして…。』=『I feel tingly, and restless, and my head... is spinning. My nose feels numb, and it feels like I can't breathe...』
『お、おじさん…ぁ、はあ…あ…っ…』=『U-Uncle... ah, haah... ah...』
『こんなの見つかったら…ううん、見つからなくてもダメだよ。』=『If someone finds me like this... no, I shouldn't be doing this even without that risk.』
『おじさんに会ってから、私、ちょっと変だよぉ…』=『Ever since we met again, I've been feeling weird...』
『どうかしちゃってる。でもやめられない。』=『Something's wrong with me. But I can't stop.』
『どうしよう…。』=『What do I do...』
『私、変になっちゃったよぉ…。』=『Something's really wrong with me...』
夏休み中でもポスターなんかの掲示物はある。期限切れを剥がし、新しいものがあれば貼る。=Even during summer, there were posters and other things that had to go up. So I had to take off the expired ones, and put up new ones.
そんな仕事をしながら廊下を歩いていた。……ん？どこからか授業中らしい教師の声がくぐもって聞こえる。=I was walking down the hallway doing that, when... nn? I heard the muffled voice of a teacher coming from one of the classes.
声が聞こえてきた教室へと近づいてみる。=I approached the classroom I thought was the culprit.
学年と組が書かれたプレートを見て、気付く。=When I saw the grade and class written on the plate, I realized.
ここは…乙羽ちゃんが補習を受けている教室だ。=This class was... where Otoha-chan was taking her extra lessons.
『解の求め方は、この記号よりひとつ前の…』=『The formula to find the solution, is the one listed before...』
『先生が黒板に数式を書いて示しながら、教科書を持って丁寧に説明をしてくれている。』=『The teacher's writing down a formula on the board to show it to us, and explaining it to a us with a book in his hand.』
『この教室の中で…女子は私１人。』=『But in this classroom... I'm the only girl.』
『残りは、同学年の男子３人。先生も男の人。なんだか浮いているような気がして落ち着かない。』=『Of the three other students, all are boys from my grade. Even the teacher's a man. I feel out of place.』
『でも、それだけじゃないのも自覚してる。』=『But I also know, that it's not just that.』
『はぁ…この単元、好きだし得意だから、いつもならこの授業も楽しいんだけど……』=『Haah.... I like this subject, and I'm good at it, so normally I'd enjoy this class...』
『でも…今、頭の中は先生の説明でも数式でもないモノでいっぱいになってる。』=『But... right now my head's full of things that are neither the teacher's explanations or the formulas.』
『それは…大事な勉強すら押しのけて、私の意思に関係なく日に日に大きくなって……。』=『They're... forcing aside even my important studies, and keep growing day by day, regardless of my will...』
『起きてから眠るまで、何をしていても離れない。少しでも意識をしたら一気に膨らんでしまう…。』=『From morning to bed, I can't escape from them even for a moment. And if I think about them even a bit, they grow bigger all at once...』
『なんでこんな風になっちゃったんだろう………。』=『Just why did I become like this...』
『多分、きっかけはあの日。階段から足を踏み外して…』=『I think it's probably because of what happened that day. When I fell down those stairs....』
『おじさんが私を受け止めてくれた時…。あの時から…』=『and uncle caught me in his arms... ever since then...』
『この場合は、双方の数字を消して…』=『In this instance, you can cancel out both sides and...』
『私がおじさんを…押し倒したみたいになって…、おじさんのおっきな手が………』=『It was almost like... I'd pushed him down... and his big, huge hands were...』
『私の…おっぱいを……鷲掴みするみたいに…。』=『grabbing... my... boobs...』
『ん…はぁ…』=『Nn... haah...』
『おじさんの指がおっぱいを揉むみたいに……ぐにぐにって…動いて…』=『His fingers were... moving, squeezing... feeling my...』
『おじさんも、…お、おじさんの…おチンチンが……か…硬くなってて…』=『And uncle too, he... his d-dick.... got... hard...』
『すごく…エ……エッチで興奮しちゃって…。』=『It was... s... so lewd, I was so excited...』
『っ……』=『--!....』
『あれから、ずっと…気を抜くとその時のことばっかり思い出して、他のことが考えられなくなって…。』=『Ever since then... whenever I lose my focus, those thoughts just keep flooding my head, and it's hard to...』
『その繰り返しばかりしてる。』=『think of anything else.』
『んっ………』=『Nn--......』
『ダメ…また変な気持ちになってる。最近いつも感じてる、ムズムズした…変な感じがこみあげてきてる。』=『No.... I'm feeling weird again. That weird, restless feeling is... welling up from within me again.』
『来学期の勉強に向けての大事な授業中なのに。私…何考えてるんだろ……。』=『Even though we're in the middle of an important class for the next school term. Just... what am I even thinking...』
『はぁ…』=『Haah....』
『小鳥遊、聞いてるか？』=『Takanashi, are you listening?』
『はッ、はい！！』=『Y-Yes!!』
『よし、聞いてるな。お前は赤点取ってここにいるわけじゃないからな。でもしっかりついてこいよ』=『Alright, good. I know you're not here because of a failing grade or anything. Still, keep up.』
『ぁ…は、はい…！』=『Ah... y-yes...!』
『おい、そこのお前、全然違うページ開いてるぞ。しっかりしろ』=『Oi, you, that's not even the right page. Come on now.』
『え、今…何ページですか？！』=『Eh, sensei... what page are we on?!』
『お前なぁ…。ほら、そこの２人も笑ってないで、集中しろ、集中！』=『You... and what are you two laughing at? Focus, come on!』
『あ、…ああ…ぁあ……びっくりした。本っ当にびっくりした…。』=『Ah... aah... aah... that nearly gave me a heart attack...』
『一瞬、変なことを考えてるのがバレて、声をかけられたのかと思った…。』=『For a second, I thought he noticed what I was thinking and was calling me out...』
『先生だけじゃなくて、一緒に補習を受けてる男の子もいるのに…。』=『It's not just the teacher either, there's the boys taking these extra lessons with me too...』
『じゃあ、次の問題は…』=『Then, the next question is...』
『でも、少しホッとしたら、すぐにまた…思い出して…ムズムズするのが止まらなくなる…。』=『But, the moment I take a sigh of relief, those thoughts... start flooding my head... and my body starts feeling restless again...』
『もう…ダメなの。ダメなのに…。』=『I... can't. I need to stop, but...』
『ふ…はぁ…』=『Fuh... haah...』
『落ち着かないよぉ…。先生の話がちっとも頭に入ってこないし…。』=『I can't calm down... Not a word of what the teacher's saying is entering my head...』
『気付かれないように、そっと…教室内にいる皆を…。チラっと……。』=『Slowly, in a way that the people in class... don't notice... just a glance...』
『…先生、同級生。男の…人ばっかり。みんな……男性だから…みんな、あそこに……』=『...The teacher, the other students. All of them... men. And since everyone's... a man... they all, should have....』
『…おじさんと一緒で…お…おチンチンが…ついて…。……ダメダメっ！私、何考えて…。こんなのダメ…。』=『...D... dicks there... just like uncle.... No, no--! What am I... I need to...』
『なのに…。…そう思ったら、勝手に目が行っちゃう。こんなのどうかしてる。』=『I need to stop, but... I can't control my eyes. Something's really wrong with me.』
『本当にどうかしてる…。どうかしてるのに。』=『It's really not normal... and yet.』
『おじさんが私のおっぱいで…興奮して…お、おっきくなったおチンチン…と、一緒のモノ…。』=『It was the same sort of thing... as uncle's... t-that got big and hard from... my boobs...』
『おじさんが…私のエッチな部分で…興奮して…………それが、当たった…あの、硬い…感触。』=『Uncle... got aroused from... the lewd parts on my body... and it poked, into me... that hard... sensation.』
『…ん』=『...Nn.』
『また、あの時のことだけで頭いっぱいになってる。ダメ…いけないの……。』=『My head's filling up with nothing but that again. No... I can't, but...』
『どうにか……どうにかしなくちゃ……。』=『I need to... I need to do something...』
『は……』=『Hah...』
『……んっ』=『...Nn--』
『あ、あの…硬さとか、大きさとか…。あんなのが中に…あそこの中に入るって思ったら…』=『T-That... hardness, and length... when I think about... that going inside me...』
『すごく、ムズムズする。なんでかわかんないけど…すごく…我慢が…出来なく……』=『It makes me, super restless. I don't know why but... it's hard... to bear...』
『はぁ…っ…はぁ…』=『Haah... haah...』
『い…いじっちゃってる…』=『I-I'm... touching myself...』
『こんなこと…バレたら絶対ダメなのに…。……止められない。どうやっても…もう我慢できない』=『Even though... it'll be really bad if I'm caught... I can't stop. No matter what I do... I just can't take it anymore.』
『布が擦れてるだけなのに…すごい…。頭の奥で何かが…ジワっと滲んで…熱を持ってるみたい』=『Even though it's through my panties... it's amazing... it feels like something... hot is spilling out... spreading through my head.』
『っは…、は…』=『Hah... hah...』
『こうしてるだけなのに…。いじってるのはここだけなのに全身に広がっていって…響くみたい…』=『Even though I'm just doing this... just playing with this part of me, it's spreading through my whole body... echoeing through me...』
『いじればいじるほど…痺れるみたいな変な感覚がどんどん広がって…』=『The more I do it... the more the numbness keeps spreading through me...』
『あそこがすごく…ジンジンして気持ちいい…』=『It feels so... tingly and nice, especially down there...』
『気持ちいいのに…すごくおかしい感じ。お腹より…もっと下の…奥の…方が…』=『It feels really nice but... really weird. It's something below... much lower... than my... belly...』
『ふ…ぅ………』=『Fuh... uh....』
『この中…奥の方…お腹の下の真ん中…。なんだか…ふわふわする…』=『Inside there... deep inside... right below my belly... it feels... 'fluffy'...』
『ふわふわして…ちょっとムズムズが収まっていっているような…でも、なんだか違う……みたいな…』=『So fluffy... and it's making the itchy restlessness, go away... but it feels... different...』
『どうしたらいいのかわかんない。やめなきゃ…。やめて、早く…授業を、聞かなきゃ…。授業……』=『I really don't know what to do. I know I gotta stop... Otoha, stop... gotta listen to, class... class...』
『集中は…どうやったら…出来るの…？授業は…、…どうしたら…』=『How do... I even... focus...? How do I...』
『はぁ……ぁっ…』=『Haah... ah--...』
『もっと内側…奥を…触りたい…。上から…ちょっとだけ…。ここ…？ちょっとだけ…』=『I want to go deeper... feel it... inside... just a bit... from the top... here...? Just a bit...』
『ううん、ダメ…。でも…ここに、この奥に……』=『No, I can't... but... inside, deep in there...』
『っ…ぁ…』=『--.... Ah...』
『おじさんのが……私のあそこででも…ちゃんと入って………エッチ…できるのかな…』=『Uncle's thing... can it really... go in there... can we really... have sex...』
『すごく恥ずかしい…。こんなことばかり考えて…止まらない。やめたいのに…やめられなくなってる…』=『So embarrassing... just focusing on this... I can't stop. I want to but... I can't...』
『止めて…誰か……。もどかしい…。もっと、強い刺激が欲しい…。もっと……』=『Stop me... someone... it's hard to bear... I want more, I want it harder... more...』
『ペンじゃなくて…そっと……絶対バレないように…』=『Not just with a pen... slowly... so that nobody notices...』
『んっ…』=『Nn--...』
『す…すごい…！ダメなことのに…。だけど…さっきと全然違う…』=『A... amazing...! Even though I shouldn't... I shouldn't... but it feels completely different....』
『ムズムズが強くなるのに…フワッとして、同時にすごくキュゥってなる』=『Even though the itchy feeling's getting worse... I feel so light, yet I'm throbbing down there.』
『この感覚が合ってるのか、違うのかはわからないけど、すごく気持ちいい…かも…』=『I don't know whether it's the right sensation to feel, or not, but it feels amazing... maybe, I think...』
『…あ、…パンツの下…ヌルヌルしてきちゃってる…。本当に…ダメ…』=『...Ah... it's getting so slimey and wet... inside my panties... I really... shouldn't...』
『おじさん…私、変になってる…。おじさんが私のおっぱいで興奮したりするから…』=『Uncle... I'm going, crazy... all because you got aroused from my boobs...』
『やっぱり気持ちいい。かもじゃないの…。こうしてるの…本当にすごく気持ちいい…』=『It really does feel good. It's not just "maybe"... it really does feel amazing... when I do this...』
『布ごしに軽く擦ってるだけなのに…どんどんヌルヌルして……』=『Even though I'm just rubbing it lightly through my panties... I'm getting so wet...』
『食い込むみたいに、指先が……滑って…』=『My fingers are, digging in... and sliding along...』
『んっ！！！』=『Nnn--!!』
『…げほ、げほ…、っふー…げほ…』=『...*Cough*, *cough*... fuuh... *cough*...』
『誤魔化せたかな…おっきい声…出ちゃった…。でも…』=『Did I manage to hide it?... I ended up... moaning loudly... but...』
『なっ…なにここ…す、すごい…ビリビリって…。痺れるとかじゃなくて…感電したみたいな……』=『Wha--... what is this... i-it's amazing... feels so tingly... not numb, but rather... like electric current...』
『一瞬周りの音が全部消えちゃったかと思った。すごい…』=『For a second, it felt like all sound all around disappeared. Amazing...』
『も、もう１回だけ…。さっきのとこを軽く…。し、しながら…おじさんとのことを…』=『J-Just one more time... the same spot from before, lightly... w-while thinking of... uncle...』
『ううん、ダメ…。ああ、思い出したら、すごく…気持ちよくっ…またビリビリしてる…』=『No, I can't... aah, the moment I thought of him, it started... feeling amazing--... so tingly again...』
『もう、もう…っ…ずっとこうしてたい…！』=『I, I... I want to do this forever...!』
『ずっとこうして…触って、もっと…もっと…フワフワでキュゥって。苦しくなるムズムズは全部消えちゃうまで…』=『Just touch myself like this... forever, and ever... again and again... until all the itchy restlessness disappears from inside me...』
『小鳥遊！』=『Takanashi!』
『はっ、はいぃっ！！！！』=『Y--,  Yesss--!!!』
『っ…頭が真っ白………。どうしよう。バレた…？なんで？なに？なに？…』=『...My head's blank... what do I do? Did he catch me...? Why? What? What?...』
『例題３の答え、言ってみろ』=『Tell me the answer to example question number 3.』
『そ、そうだ、例、問い…授業！…えっと』=『O-Oh, right, example, question... class! ...Erhm.』
『へっ…ぇ、れ、例題…３、ですか？…えっと…えっと…』=『Eh--... erhm, example... 3, sensei? ...Erhm... erhm...』
『小鳥遊さん、体調悪いの？…さっきから大丈夫？』=『Takanashi-san, you good? ...You've been off for a bit.』
『あ、え、う、うん…だ、大丈夫！』=『Ah, eh, y-yeah... I-I'm okay!』
『…例題、そのページじゃなくて、２ページ先の、下の方にあるよ』=『...It's not on that page, it's 2 pages after that, on the bottom.』
『あっ、ありがと…。えっと…えーっと……』=『Ah--, thanks... erhm... erhmmm....』
『もう何が何だかわからない。どうにかしなきゃ…！』=『I don't even know what's what anymore. I need to do something...!』
『えっとえっと…』=『Erhm, erhm...』
『どうしよう。えーっと…これは、４、マイナスの…えっと…えっと…。』=『What do I do? Erhm... this is, -4, and... erhm... erhm...』
『割って、乗算するから…。っぇ…？…んっ！！まだ…いじってたところが疼いてる…ダメ…』=『divide it, and multiply it with... eh...? ...Nn--!! I'm still... throbbing down there... no...』
『す、すみません。わ、分からない、です…』=『I-I'm sorry. I-I don't know...』
『どうしよう…。解き方は分かるのに…。ホワホワして…ボーッとして、計算が全然できない…。』=『What do I do... I know how to solve it... but my head's not working... I'm spacing out, I can't do the math at all...』
『はぁ…。じゃあちゃんと聞いておけよ？』=『Haah... You have to focus in class, okay?』
『は、はい…すみません…』=『Y-Yes... I'm sorry...』
『じゃあ、さっきから小鳥遊に話しかけてる…茂部、お前わかるか？』=『Then, you there, the one that's been mumbling god knows what to her for a while now... Mob. Do you know it?』
『げっ…！バレてたんだ…』=『Geh--...! So you noticed, sensei...』
『当たり前だ。お喋りする余裕があるんだから早く答えろ』=『Of course I did. If you have the time to chat then you have the time to answer the damn question.』
『えー…６ですよね？』=『Eh... it's 6, right?』
『っ、なんでそんな数字になるんだ。式見せてみろ』=『--... And why is it that? Solve it on the board.』
『あ、はい…』=『Ah, okay...』
『…ああもう…私、教室で…、しかも大事な授業中にあんなところ夢中で触って…』=『...Aah, jeez... right during class too... especially during such an important lesson...』
『本当に……何やってるんだろう…。』=『Really... what am I even doing...』
『恥ずかしい…。さっきまでの自分が自分じゃないみたい。』=『So embarrassing... Feels like it wasn't even me, back there.』
『…なんで、私、こんなのじゃないはずなのに。』=『...Why? I'm not supposed to be like this...』
『このままじゃ、先生にも出来ない子だって思われるし、成績が下がったら、お母さんになんて言われるか…。』=『At this rate, the teacher will start thinking of me as a dumb student, and if my grades drop because of it, my mom will get so...』
『でも、まだ…熱いの。興奮してる…。触るのがすごく気持ちいいの。』=『But, I'm still... so hot down there. I feel so excited still... even just touching myself feels so amazing.』
『…私、本当にどうしちゃったの？』=『...Seriously, what's happening to me?』
『どうしたら、何をしたら……この状態から解放されるのかな。辛いよ…………。』=『What do I, what can I do... to get out of this situation? It's too much...』
『私、本当におかしくなっちゃったよぉ…。』=『I really am going crazy...』
『あの後、何時間か補習が続いた。』=『After that, the extra lessons went on for a few hours more.』
『あんなに恥ずかしくて、困って、戸惑ったのに、全然…頭からエッチな考えが抜けなくて…』=『Even though I was so embarrassed, and confused, and troubled, I couldn't... get the lewd thoughts out of my head at all...』
『どうしていいかわからず、気を紛らわせようととにかく必死で授業を受けた。』=『Not knowing what to do, I desperately tried to focus, to distract myself.』
『結局、補修中はずっとそんなことを考えて…それがどんどん大きくなって、体も熱くなっていくばかりだった。』=『But in the end, those thoughts were all that swam through my head... and they only got worse, and my body got hotter too.』
『真っ直ぐな日差しが傾いて、セミの鳴き声が変わる頃。教室から解放された私は…それをどうにかしたくて…。』=『By the time the sun started going down, and the cicadas changed their chirps, I was finally freed... and couldn't help but feel the need to do something...』
『でも、大した確信も無いまま…ここに来ていた。』=『But with no confidence nor anything to back me up... I ended up coming here.』
『…用務員室』=『...The custodian's room.』
『ここがおじさんの住んでる部屋だよね』=『This should be where uncle's currently living, I think.』
ノックした手を下せないまま…長く感じるの静けさの中でほんの少し、震えてしまっている。=Unable to pull back the hand that knocked on the door... as I waited in the long silence, I felt myself almost shaking.
『すみません。…いますか？』=『I'm sorry. ...Are you in?』
『いないみたい。どうしよう…。ここに来たら…おじさんの顔を見れば収まるかも、とか思って来ちゃったけど…』=『Doesn't seem like it. What do I do... I thought that maybe seeing uncle would help me calm down but...』
『いないかもしれない、なんて単純なことが考え付かないぐらい、私…動転しちゃってる。』=『I didn't even consider that he might not be in... just how much of a mess is my mind right now?』
『おじさん、どこにいるのかな…。校内で仕事中ならどこを探せばいいんだろう。』=『Where could he be... if he's still on the clock, where do I even begin to look?』
『…それとも中で寝てる…とか？』=『...He could also be... sleeping inside, maybe?』
『でも、眠ってるならきっと疲れてよね。だったら起こすわけにはいかないし…。』=『But if he is, he's probably going to be really tired. So I can't go bothering him either...』
『でも、こんな気持ちのまま家に帰りたくないよ…。』=『But I don't want to go home like this either...』
『…あれ？』=『...Huh?』
『なんとなしにドアノブを回したら…鍵がかかってない。』=『I just turned the doorknob on a whim but... it's not locked.』
『入っちゃ…ダメ…かな。ダメ……だよね？』=『Maybe I could... go in? ...I shouldn't, should I?』
『…で、でも、中に入って待ってみようかな…！』=『....B-But, I could just sit down inside and wait for him too...!』
『ここで、じっとしてても仕方ないし…。』=『Not like just standing here's going to achieve anything...』
『こんなところで扉を半分開けたまま、覗き込んでるなんて誰かに見つかったら変に思われちゃうだろうし。』=『And if someone finds me just looking in with the door half open like this, they'll think I'm weird.』
『もし、中におじさんがいて、驚かせたり、怒らせたりしたら、しっかり謝ろう。だから…』=『And if uncle's in there, and if I surprise him or make him mad, I can just apologize. So...』
『…お、お邪魔、します……』=『...E-Excuse, me...』
挨拶はしたけれど……やはり、そっと体を滑り込ませた。=I said lightly as I walked in but... in the end, it was nothing more than sneaking in.
『ここが……』=『So this is...』
『この部屋が、おじさんが住んでる部屋なんだ。初めて入ったけど…こんなところなんだ…。』=『This room is, where uncle lives. It's my first time here but... so it's like this, huh...』
『すぅっ…』=『*Inhale*...』
『んっ…おじさんの、匂いがする。ど、どうしよう。すっごい…ドキドキしてきちゃった。』=『Nn--... it smells, like him. W-What do I do? My heart's... really going at it now.』
『勝手に入っちゃいけないんだろうけど…でも、でも…』=『I know I shouldn't just go waltzing in but... but...』
『少しだけ…！少しだけだから…。それでも帰ってこなかったら、すぐに出ていくから…』=『Just a bit...! Just for a bit... And if he still doesn't come back, I'll just leave so...』
『…今はここにいたい。ドキドキするけど…すごく、落ち着くし…。』=『...I want to be here, for now. It's making my heart pound but... it's also, really calming...』
『落ち着くのに…エ、エッチな気持ちになってきて…。』=『It's calming but... n-now I'm feeling a bit lewd too...』
『わわわ…おじさんのことを考えると、勝手にエッチな気持ちになっちゃって…止められなくて…。』=『Wawawah... when I think about him, my mind just starts having lewd thoughts... I can't help it...』
『こんなのダメだよ。ダメなのに…っ』=『This is wrong. I know the thoughts are wrong, but...--』
『でも、嬉しい…。私、どうかしちゃってる。めちゃくちゃ…。ああ…すっごく変な感じ。』=『But, they make me so happy... something's really wrong with me, like really wrong... Aah... I feel super weird.』
『火照って、そわそわして、いけない気持ちになって…。でも、ここを離れたくない…。』=『My body's burning up, I feel all restless, and naughty... but, I don't want to leave....』
『おじさん、ここで寝て起きて、生活してるんだよね。』=『Uncle goes to sleep and lives his everyday life here, doesn't he?』
『物音を立てないようにゆっくり、ゆっくり…。』=『Slowly, slowly, without making too much of a racket...』
『私、勝手に上がり込んで…しかもこんな気持ちになって、…すごく悪い子になってる。』=『I waltzed in here without permission... and now I'm feeling like this... I'm turning into such a bad girl.』
『ダメだって、悪いことだってわかってる。だけど…おじさんの部屋だし、もっと…色々知りたいな…。』=『I know it's wrong, that it's bad. But... it's his room, so I can't... help but look around...』
『部屋全体からおじさんの匂いがして…隣にいるみたいな、あの時みたいに抱きしめられてるみたいな……。』=『The entire place smells like him... it's like he's right next to me, like when he was holding me back then....』
『私、男の人の部屋にいる。それも、私の好きな…男の人の…。』=『I'm in a man's room, right now. And the room of the... man I love, at that...』
『ここに入ってからずーっとドキドキしたままでもう胸が苦しい…。』=『My heart's been pounding non-stop so much since I came in, that my chest hurts...』
『っん…っは、ぁ…はあ…』=『Nn... haah, ah... haah...』
『うう、どうしよう。むずむずして…自分の体…抑えきれなくなってきてる…。』=『Uu, what do I do? I'm feeling so restless... my body... it's running more and more out of control...』
『っ、は、…ふぅー……はぁっ、ふぅーー…』=『Hah... fuuh... haah, fuuuh--...』
『我慢して…。』=『I need to endure it...』
『お、落ち着かなくちゃ。』=『A-And calm down.』
『む、無理、かも…。ううん、でも、でも…落ち着いて、落ち着いて…。』=『I-I can't, it's too much. No, but, but.... calm down, calm down...』
『あ、あと１０分。１０分だけおじさんを待って、戻ってこないなら家に帰ろう。』=『J-Just 10 minutes more. If he doesn't come back in 10 minutes, I'll go home.』
『それまで…ちょっと、１０分だけ…ここに…い、いさせてもらおう…。』=『Until then... just for, 10 minutes... I hope he... d-doesn't mind me intruding...』
『はー…ふー…はー…ふー…』=『Haah... fuuh... haah... fuuuh...』
『でも、このままじっとしていたら、頭も体も変になっちゃいそう…。』=『But if I just stay like this, both my body and mind will go crazy...』
『何か…何かない、かな。気を紛らわせられるような…何か…。』=『Something... anything. Isn't there anything to distract myself... with...』
『……あ。雑誌がある。』=『...Ah. A magazine.』
『おじさんはどんな雑誌を読むのかな…』=『I wonder what sort of magazines he reads...』
『いち、にぃ…んー…。結構積んであるな…。』=『One, two... nnn... there's a bunch...』
『男の人が読む雑誌。…お父さんはよく家電とか、新製品の特集をしてる雑誌を買って読んでたけど…』=『The sort that men read. ...My dad used read a lot of them too, stuff about consumer electronics, and new products...』
『…あ、これはうちにもある通販カタログだ。』=『...Ah, we get this mail-order catalogue at home too.』
『次は、…これも見たことがある。ポストに勝手に入ってる健康食品カタログ…』=『And this one is... I've seen this one before too. A healthy living catalogue that we got in our mailbox as junk...』
『あと、チラシが何枚かと…』=『A few flyers too...』
『えっと、これは……』=『Erhm, this is...』
『えろぐるいまひるにおねだりズボズボなませっくす…』=『Begging play raw sex with Mahiru-chan...』
『っっ！！！』=『--!!!!』
『えっ、ええええっ…！！？』=『Eh--, eeeeeeeeeh--...!?!?』
『い、いきなり…』=『W-What in the...』
『え、え…エ、エッチな雑誌…っ、こっ…こんなとこに…ふ、普通に…おいて…あ、ある…？！』=『A-A... An adult, magazine... be--... between... a-all the normal... ones... j-just like that...!?』
『ど、どうしよう、どうしよう…こ、こういうもの、ほ、本物を見るの、初めて…。』=『W-What do I do, what do I do... i-it's my first time, s-seeing a real one, for myself...』
『こ、こういうの…本当に買って…読む、もの…なんだ…？！！』=『P-People really... buy these... and read... them...??!!』
『エッチな雑誌…。』=『An adult magazine...』
『どうしよう、熱い…、息が苦しい…。なんで……』=『What do I do, I'm so hot... it's hard to breathe... why...』
『私、エッチな雑誌で興奮しちゃってるの…？』=『I'm getting aroused from looking at this adult magazine...?』
『ダ、ダメ…エッチな雑誌とか…私が見ちゃダメ。』=『N-No... I shouldn't... I shouldn't look at it.』
『で、でも…気になっちゃう……。』=『B-But... I'm so curious...』
『はぁっ…はぁっ…』=『Haah--... haah--...』
『どんどん息、荒くなって…、もうわかんない。』=『My breathing's, getting rougher... I don't even know anymore.』
『ちょ、ちょっとだけ…ほんと、ちょっとだけ…。み、見て…みよう…かな……？』=『J-Just for a bit... really, just a bit... i-it shouldn't... hurt... right...?』
『う、ううん！やっぱりダメ。』=『N-No! Nevermind after all.』
『こんなエッチなもの見ちゃいけないし、それでドキドキするなんて…は、はしたないよ…。』=『I shouldn't be looking at something so lewd, and the fact that my heart's pounding... I-I'm so vulgar...』
『でも……中身、どんな感じ…なのかな…。』=『But... I wonder... what's... inside it...』
『エッチな写真とか、やらしいお話とか、文章とか…そういうのが…いっぱい載ってる…んだよね？』=『It's probably full of things like, lewd pictures, obscene dialogue and, erotic writing... right?』
『…気になる。…でも、読んだりしちゃ…おじさんにバレたら最悪だもん…。』=『...I'm so curious. ...But, if I read it... and if uncle finds out, it'll be really bad...』
『でも、気になって…。本当に、苦しい……。』=『But, I'm so curious.... it's so, hard to bear...』
『うう………』=『Uuuu....』
『ちょっとだけなら……ち、ちらっとだけなら…。それに…』=『Just a little but... J-Just a little glance... not to mention...』
『…ちゃんと戻しておいたら、見たって…バレない…よね……？』=『...If I put them all back as I found them, he won't... notice... will he...?』
『指先でつまんで…ちょっと開くだけ…。ちょっと見えたら、閉じよう…。』=『I'll pinch the edge with my fingertips... and open it just a little... and close it right after, once I get a glance...』
『うわっ……』=『Uwah--...』
『すっごい……！！！制服、だけど…おっぱいとかほとんど見えてる…。』=『Amazing...!!! It's a uniform... but you can basically see her boobs in their entirety...』
『すっごく…いやらしい恰好…してる。』=『What a... lewd... pose.』
『こんなに…思いっきり脚広げて…。でも、あそこは…ぼかしてあるんだ…。』=『Her legs are... spread so far apart... but, that part's... blurred out, huh...』
『わ、私何読んでるのっ…』=『W-What am I even--...』
『…は、恥ずかしい！！』=『...S-So embarrassing!!』
『でも…気になる。…おじさんが…これを見て…お………おチンチンを…お、大きく…してる…なら…』=『But... I'm even more curious now. ...If uncle... reads this... and... gets his... d-dick to go... all... h-hard...』
『おじさん…こんな感じの女の人が…好きなのかな。こういうのを見て、……エッチな気分になって…』=『Does that... mean that he likes women... like these? Does looking at this stuff... put him in a lewd mood....』
『もし…もしだけど…私も…こんな風になったら…。おじさんは…。』=『If... If I... become like this too... would he...』
『でも…前に、おじさんに倒れ込んじゃった時…』=『But... back then, when I fell on top of him...』
『服の上からだったのに…』=『Even though it was through his clothes, I swear I...』
『も、もうおしまい！！』=『N-No more!!』
『…えっと、ここに積んでたっけ…。こ…こんな感じだったかな。』=『...Erhm, they were piled up here, I think?... S... Something like this?』
『よしっ。』=『Alright--!』
『ふぅ……はぁ…』=『Fuuh... haah...』
『おじさん早く帰ってこないかな。』=『I hope he comes back soon.』
『でも今帰ってこられても…ドキドキし過ぎてて…ちょっと困る、かも…。』=『But, if he comes back right now... my heart's pounding so much... I don't think I'll, be able to take it...』
『でも、それはこんな雑誌をのぞき見する私が悪いんだから…。』=『But that's my fault, for taking a peek through his magazines...』
『はぁ…もう…私、どうかしてる…。気を紛らわすつもりが真逆になっちゃった…。』=『Haah... something's... off with my head... I was trying to distract myself, how did it...』
『こういうコトが知りかったわけじゃなくて…。何か別の、普段好きなことが分かりそうな物…。』=『It's not like I was trying to find something like that... I just wanted to figure out, what sort of things he likes...』
『あっちにあるの…、ＤＶＤ…か、何か…？おじさん、どんな映画やドラマ見るんだろう。』=『Are those... DVDs... or something...? I wonder what sorts of movies or shows he watches?』
『私が知ってるのがあればいいな…』=『I hope I know at least one or two of them...』
『…ぁ、えっ？？』=『...Ah, eh--??』
『これ、なんていうか…も、もしかして…エ…エッチな…ビデオ……？！』=『Are these... b-by any chance... are they also... a-adult... videos...?!』
『裸の女の人が………。』=『It's a naked woman...!』
『わ……』=『Wah...』
『ダメってわかってるのに…こんなの見ちゃいけないのに。いっぱいエッチなことが書いてあって…』=『I know I shouldn't... I know I shouldn't look at this stuuff. There's so many naughty things written on it...』
『ダメ、ダメ……！』=『No, stop...!』
『ダメ…っ…だけど…どうしても…み…見ちゃう……。』=『I need to stop... but... I can't help but... l... look...』
『…お、おじさん、…さっきので…制服の子が好きかと思ったけど、これ……全然違う……』=『...I-I thought he... liked girls in... uniform, because of that magazine but... this is completely... different...』
『もっと年上の、人妻、って。こっちは…ＯＬさん…？それで…これは……グラドル……？？』=『It says this is an older, married woman. And this one is... an office lady...? And this... is a... gravure idol...??』
『あとは名前…きっとこの人の名前かな……。』=『And there's names too... it must be their names...』
『…雑誌よりこっちのほうがいっぱいある……。中は流石に見れないけど…でも……』=『...There's lots more of these DVDs than those magazines... I'm not going to go putting them on... but...』
『うーん………』=『Nnnnn....』
『大人の女の人が、やっぱり好き、だよね……』=『I guess he really likes, older women after all, huh...』
『雑誌も、このビデオも…全部私よりずっと年上の女の人ばっかり。』=『Both those magazines, and these DVDs too... they're all full of women much older than me.』
『当たり前だけど……』=『It's obvious when you think about it but...』
『おじさんが私みたいな年の子を見て…本気でエッチな気分にはならないのかな…。』=『I guess looking at a girl as young as me... wouldn't put him in a really lewd mood after all, huh...』
『前あったことは…やっぱり偶然なのかな……』=『Back then, was that just... a coincidence?....』
『…そうだよね、私まだまだこの人達より全然……。』=『...It must have been. I mean, compared to these women, I'm not even remotely as...』
『おじさんの部屋にいて、こんなエッチなものを見て、心臓が破裂しそうなぐらいバクバクしてて…』=『Even though I'm in his room, and looking at his naughty stuff, and my heart's pounding so much that it feels like it's going to rip apart...』
『すごく変な気持ちなのに……。』=『And even though I feel super weird...』
『おじさんが興奮する相手が…私と全然違うタイプだって思うと……。私じゃダメだと思うと……』=『When I think about how the type of women that... make him aroused, aren't like me... that I'm not good enough...』
『ちょっと……悲しい。』=『It makes me... feel pretty sad.』
『か、片付けよう…何してるんだろ』=『W-What am I even doing?... Let's just clean up.』
『何枚ずつかまとめて積んであったのに、気になって、結構見ちゃった…。』=『Even though there were so many of them in a pile, I got curious, and looked through them all...』
『元に戻さなきゃ。』=『I gotta put them all back.』
『崩しちゃった…！』=『They fell over...!』
『勝手に人のものを触って散らかして…。はぁ…もう…泥棒よりもっとずっと悪いことしてる気分。』=『Not just going through his things, I'm even making a mess now... Haah... jeez... feels like I'm doing something way worse than just stealing.』
『…片付けたら本当に帰ろう』=『...I should put them back and go home for real.』
『こんなところ、おじさんに見つかったら……言い訳出来ないし…なんて謝っていいかもわかんない。』=『If he finds me, doing this... I really won't have an excuse... I won't even know how to apologize.』
『あ…１枚、中から…』=『Ah... something, fell out...』
『これ、どのパッケージに入ってたんだろ…。…ちゃんと戻さなきゃ。…タイトルは……。』=『What package did it come out from... I need to put it back... let's see, the title is...』
『えっと……』=『Erhm...』
『……おじと…めいっ、こ…？』=『....Uncle... and, n-niece...?』
『おっ、おじと…姪っ子…？！！えっえっ？？？』=『U-Uncle and... niece...??!?!? E-Eh--??』
『こんなのあったの？気付かなかった…。』=『Something like this was in there? I didn't notice at all...』
『…おじさん、……こんなのも好き…なんだ。』=『...So uncle... likes stuff like... this too, huh?』
『私みたいな…こんなに年が離れてる子でも……。』=『Even a girl as... young as me, compared to him...』
『姪っ子でも…………』=『Even though I'm just his niece...........』
『ど、どうしよう、どうしよう…心臓の音しか聞こえない。すごい、どうしよう…』=『W-What do I do, what do I do... my heart's ringing through my ears. Wow. What do I do...』
『おじさんが、これを見て…私みたいな子で……』=『Uncle, looked at this... looked at a girl like me, and...』
『はぁ…はぁっ…』=『Haah... haah--....』
『このＤＶＤは……あ、後からしまうから…それより、さっき見た…』=『I'll uh... I-I'll put this one away later... more importantly, that picture...』
『え、エッチな本……さっき、ひとりであそこ触ってる女の人の写真…。』=『f-from that adult magazine... the one of that, woman touching herself...』
『…ちゃんと真似をしたら、補修の時よりも早くこの苦しいのが楽になるかも。』=『...If I do it just like her, in the same pose, this itch inside me might disappear faster.』
『しちゃいけないことだけど、でも…』=『I know I shouldn't, but...』
『もう本当に…我慢できない…死んじゃいそう…。』=『I really can't... take it anymore... feels like I'm going to die...』
『えっと…こ…これ…どこだったかな…？』=『Erhm... w... which page... was it...?』
『やり方なんて書いてないけど、真似をしたら……いいよね…。』=『It doesn't say how to do it but, if I just copy the way it looks... it should be fine, right?....』
『同じ、座り方をして…。でも、こんなに脚を広げなくても…。…恥ずかしいし…十分…手が、……届くから…』=『Sit down, in the same way... but, I don't think I need to spread my legs this much... it's too embarrassing and... it's more than... enough for... my hand to reach all the way...』
『はぁ…、私……すごく、ベトベトになってる…』=『Haah... I'm getting... so wet....』
『あの補習の後も、トイレに行ったら…ちょっと汚しちゃってたけど……。』=『After class... I made a bit of a mess... in the washroom but....』
『ここまでのは初めて…。こんなになっちゃうの……？私、大丈夫なのかな？……体、どこか変なのかな…。』=『It wasn't this bad... it gets this bad...? Am I, really okay? ...Is something, off with my body...』
『はぁ…はぁ…』=『Haah... haah...』
『こんなことしちゃ…いけないけど……。いけない、けど…でも…』=『I know I shouldn't... be doing this... I know, but... but...』
『んっ…！！』=『Nn--...!!』
『手を当てただけ…なのに、つま先まで一気に……鳥肌が立つみたいに……ぶわって…。』=『I'm only touching it and yet... feels like there's goosebumps... all over me... all the way to my toes...』
『いつもお風呂で洗う時は何ともないのに…はぁはぁ…全然違う…なにこれ…。』=『Even though I feel nothing down there whenever I take a bath... haah, haah... it's completely different... what is this...』
『ヌルヌルを…ちょっと、触っただけなのに…。』=『Even though I... just touched the wet spot a bit...』
『んん、んっ…』=『Nnn, nnn--...』
『…こ、この写真みたいに、ぼかされてるところにもっと強く指先を置いたら…』=『....I-If I press my fingers in harder, into the same spot that's blurred on that magazine...』
『っぁ、っあっ…』=『--Ah, ah--...』
『すごい…キュゥキュゥして…気持ちいい…。…なにこれ。』=『Amazing... it's throbbing... it feels so good... what is this?』
『そっと…本当、軽く擦ってるだけなのに…どんどん、お汁…溢れてきてる…。』=『Even though I'm... really only touching it lightly... there's so much... fluid gushing out...』
『っは、はぁ…あっ…』=『Hah, haah... ah--....』
『おじさんもこういうのを見て…エ…エッチな気分になってるん…だよね…。』=『Uncle looks at this stuff and... g-gets into a naughty mood too.... doesn't he...』
『はあっ、…あっ…っは…はぁはあ、はぁっ…』=『Haah--... ah--... hah... haaahaaah, haah--....』
『おじさんが…おじさんの匂いがする場所で……お…おチンチンを大きくしちゃう場所で…私もエッチなこと……しちゃってる…。』=『And now I'm doing... naughty stuff too... in a room full of his smell... right where he... g-gets his own dick hard...』
『頭が…破裂しそう…。』=『Feels like my... head's going to split...』
『なんだか…私がおじさんと……エッチしてるみたい……。』=『It feels like... I'm doing naughty stuff... with him...』
『ちょっと動かすだけで…、頭のてっぺんからつま先まで痺れて……。ダメなのに…すごくそれが気持ちいい…。』=『Just moving my fingers a bit... is enough to make me go numb all over... I know I shouldn't but... it feels so good...』
『止まんなくて…』=『I can't stop....』
『変になる…っ！』=『I'm going to go crazy...--!』
荷物の受け渡しが終わって戻ってきたら…=As I came back after taking delivery of some packages...
誰もいないはずの部屋の中から声がした。=I heard voices coming from inside my room, a room that was supposed to be empty.
『…ぁ……っは……ん…』=『...Ah... haah... nnn...』
何事かと思って…音を立てないように、開いている隙間から部屋を覗き込んだ。=Wondering what was going on... I peered into the room from an open gap in the doorway, without making a sound.
隙間から目に飛び込んできた光景…。=And the sight that awaited me was...
最初は何が起こっているかわからなかったが…=At first I didn't understand what was going on but...
今はただ、オナニーに耽っている乙羽ちゃんを、息を殺してみている。=Now I was just watching Otoha-chan while holding my breath as she wanked in a daze.
『はぁっ、ここ…ぷっくりしてるとこ…はぁっはぁっ』=『Haah--, here... the puffed up spot... haah--, haaah--』
『ここ気持ちいい…っああっ…おじさんっ…』=『It feels so good here... aaah--... uncle--...』
『はぁ、ぁ、あっ…ふっ…ぁっ…』=『Haah, ah, ah--... fuh--... ah--...』
最初におじさんという言葉を聞いた時、その声の大きさに気付かれたかと思ったが…=When I heard her say "uncle", I really thought she'd noticed me but...
夢中になっているだけの独り言だった。=It was just a mumble, one from her own fantasies.
『おじさん…はぁ、ああ…あっ…おじさん…』=『Uncle... haah, aah... ah--... uncle...』
なんで乙羽ちゃんがいるのかとか…なんで、俺の部屋でオナニーをしているのかとか…=Things such as why she was here... and why she was rubbing herself off in my room...
そんなことはどうでもよくなって、まばたきも忘れて食い入るように見つめている。=thoughts like that all disappeared, and I could only stare intently, forgetting even to blink.
『ふぅふぅっ…はあ、あ…おじさん…ぁあ…』=『Fuuh, fuuuh--... haah, ah... uncle... aah...』
見知った声が、悩ましく、短く、長く…吐息交じりに…=Her voice, that I knew so well, in such a seductive tone... filled with long, and short gasps and moans...
俺を呼びながら、淫らな音を立て快楽に夢中になっている。覗かれているのに気づきもしない。=calling out to none other than me, as she lost herself in the pleasure, to the point that she didn't even notice I was watching her.
『あっ…あ……あぁ…っ…』=『Ah--... ah... aaah--...』
乙羽ちゃんの額や輪郭に、汗で髪が少し張り付いている。=Her hair was sticking to her face, and her nape, from the sweat she was pouring out.
ただ座っているように見えて、手だけが止まることなく、若いおマンコを自分で撫でまわし続けている。=It looked like she was just sitting down, but her hand didn't stop moving even for a second, as she kept stroking her young pussy.
こんなものを見せられて…股間のイチモツは、痛いほどにガチガチに怒張していた。=Seeing a sight like this... was enough to make my thing hard enough to hurt.
『あっあっ、おじさんっ…なにこれっ…変なの…』=『Ah--, ah--, uncle... what is this--... I feel weird...』
『気持ちいいの、さっきと違う感じ…。なに…これ…やっ、あっ、あっ…』=『It feels good, in a completely different way... what.. is this... no--, ah--, ah--...』
声のトーンが上がって、感覚が短くなってきた。=The tone of her voice went up, and her breaths got shorter.
乙羽ちゃんが戸惑っている…。=She was lost, confused...
戸惑いながらも手の動きは止まるどころか、声に合わせるように少し早くなったようにも思える。=And yet, her hand didn't stop even a bit. If anything, it started moving a bit faster to match her moans.
『あっあっやっなにっ…止まんなっ、すごいのっ…。なにかっ…や…ああっ…』=『Ah--, ah--, no--, what is--... I can't sto--, amazing--... something's--... yah... aah--...』
『変、すごい…こわいの…。はぁっ、はあっ、はっ…はぁ、はぁはぁはぁ…』=『Feels weird, and amazing... I'm scared... haah--, haah--, hah--... haah, haahaahaaah...』
『なに、これ…。こわいっ…なにか…やっ…ダメ…あっっあっあ、あっあっ…』=『What, is this... I'm scared--... something's--... no--... stop... ah--, ah--, aah--, ah--, ah--...』
『…ぁっ…ぁあああっっ！！』=『...Ah--... aaaaaaah--!!』
『はー…っはー……はぁー……』=『Haah... haah... haah....』
『はぁー…っ…はぁー…』=『Haah.... --! ...haah...』
『…乙羽ちゃん』=『...Otoha-chan.』
『っ…！』=『--...!』
エロ雑誌を広げて、少し離れた場所にはエロＤＶＤが散らばっている真ん中…。=As she basked in the afterglow, surrounded by my porn mags, next to my DVDs lying in a messy pile...
余韻に浸っている乙羽ちゃんに声を掛けた。=I called out to her.
目を丸くしたまま、瞬きもしないで…時間が止まったように、完全に硬直している。=With her eyes wide open, she refused to even blink... she was petrified, as if time itself had stopped.
『おじさんっ…、わ……私………』=『Uncle--... I... I...』
その二言が絞り出されたっきり、首でも絞められたかのように呼吸音さえ聞こえなくなった。=After spitting those words out, she stopped even breathing, as if being strangled.
『大丈夫だよ』=『It's okay.』
昔、彼女が泣きだしそうな時にいつもしていたように、そっと声をかけながら、目の前に腰を下ろす。=I plopped myself down in front of her, and called out to her softly, just like how I used to whenever she started crying in the past.
『大丈夫…』=『You're okay...』
俺も息が荒く、ギンギンに勃起させたままだ。=Of course, my breath was rough too, and my cock rock hard.
それでも、縋るような目線の乙羽ちゃんは、俺の目を当惑したまま見つめてくる。=Still, with a pleading look in her eyes, she looked straight at me, confused.
信じられないが、この様子だと本当に今回が初めてのオナニーなのかもしれない。=It was hard to believe but, this really might have been her first time masturbating, if she's like this.
『わ、私……』=『I-I...』
あまりの心細い声に、乙羽ちゃんが大胆なのか繊細なのか分からなくなる。=Her voice sounded so helpless, I couldn't tell if she was a bold girl, or a delicate and sensitive one.
ともかく、少しずつほどいてあげよう。こんな絶好のチャンスはまたとない…。=Anyways, I had the perfect chance to slowly comfort her. And chances like these don't come often...
『オナニーしちゃったんだねえ』=『I see you were masturbating.』
『……？？ あの、おじさんっ…？ご、ごめんなさぃ…』=『....?? Uhm, uncle--...? I-I'm sorry....』
『謝ることなんかないんだよ』=『It's nothing to apologize about, Otoha-chan.』
撫でて触るチャンスだ。まずは頭を撫でてみよう。=It was a chance to stroke her and touch her. Let's start with her head.
『でもっ…』=『But--...』
髪にそっと触れながらよしよしする。俺の下心になど全く気づきもせずに、表情が少し和らいだ。=I softly placed my hand on her hair, and rubbed her head. Not noticing my motives at all, her expression softened.
『乙羽ちゃんが大人になってきてる証拠なんだよ。大人はみんなオナニーするんだから』=『It's just proof that you're growing into a big girl. All adults masturbate, you know.』
『…おな、にー…？』=『...Mastur, bate...?』
『今、乙羽ちゃんがして気持ちよくなってたこと。それをオナニーっていうんだよ』=『What you did just now, to feel good. We call that "masturbation".』
『私がしたの、そう呼ぶの…？』=『What I just did? That's what you call it...?』
『そうだよ。乙羽ちゃんはオナニーしてたんだ。自慰行為、マスターベーションとも言うんだけど…』=『That's right. You were masturbating. You can say "touching yourself" to be soft, or "wanking" otherwise too.』
『大人はみんなしてるんだよ。早ければ乙羽ちゃんか、もうちょっと年下くらいの頃から、みんな』=『All adults do it. Most at your age, and some even younger than you.』
どうにかなだめているものの、罪悪感からなのか反射的に謝ってしまうようだ。=I was trying to placate her but, she kept apologizing anyway, probably from the guilt.
仕方ないと思う反面、少し面倒にも感じる。オナニーすら初めてならこんなものだろうか。=Part of me wasn't surprised, but another part found it a bit annoying too. I guess it was only natural, if it really was her first time masturbating.
『だから謝らなくてもいいことなんだ。だってみんなしてるんだから』=『Again, there's nothing for you to apologize for. Everyone does it, after all.』
『それに、エッチな気分を鎮めるためにも必要な、大事なことなんだよ。それが出来たんだからいいことなんだ』=『Besides, it's something that'll help you rein in your body's lewd needs. And you did that, so it's good.』
『そ、そうなの…？お、おじさんも…その…オ、オナニー…す、するの？』=『R-Really...? D-Do you.. uhm... m-masturbate... t-too?』
『勿論。そこらにあるエッチな雑誌やＤＶＤを見れば分かると思うけど、毎日いっぱいしてるよ』=『Of course. I'm sure you can tell by looking at all the magazines and DVDs I've got lying around but, I do it lots everyday.』
『毎日…？そ、そんなに…』=『Everyday...? T-That much...』
『うん。乙羽ちゃんがおじさんを想ってシたように、おじさんも乙羽ちゃんを想ってオナニーしたりしてるよ』=『Yeah. Just like how you did it while thinking of me, I also do it while thinking of you, Otoha-chan.』
こういっておけば、乙羽ちゃんは俺が実際にシたがっても受け入れやすくなるだろう。=Saying it like that should make her more acceptive of it, when I actually get around to doing it.
『え、ええ…恥ずかしい……』=『E-Eeh... so embarrassing...』
案の定、恥ずかしそうにしながらも嬉しそうだ。年頃の女の子らしい。=As I expected, she was embarrassed, but also looked happy. Just like a girl her age would be.
『恥ずかしがらなくていいんだよ。気持ちよかった…？』=『You don't need to feel embarrassed or shy. Did it feel good...?』
肩を撫でてみる。抵抗されることなく、それどころか嬉しそうにしている。=I tried stroking her shoulder. She didn't resist. If anything, she looked happy when I did it.
『…う、うん…』=『...Y-Yeah....』
汗ばんだ肌と絶頂後特有の赤みの残った顔…。こんなものが目の前にあって股間の主張が激しいままだ。=Her sweaty skin, and her face, still tomato red after that orgasm... With both of those right in front of me, my crotch was still making itself known.
『乙羽ちゃんが気持ちよかったなら、それでいいんだ。おじさんも嬉しい』=『If you enjoyed it then it's just fine. I'm glad.』
『でも、おじさんの部屋で…見られちゃったのは…本当に恥ずかしくて…死んじゃいそう……』=『But you saw me... doing it in your room... I'm so embarrassed... I could die...』
『皆に見せたわけじゃないんだし、大丈夫だよ。イク時の乙羽ちゃん、エッチで可愛かったなぁ』=『It's not like you showed it off to everyone, so isn't it fine? You looked really naughty and adorable when you came.』
『…イク？』=『..."Came"?』
『イク、絶頂…ってわからないか。本当に初めてなんだね』=『Came, climaxed... but I guess you don't know those words, do you? It really is your first time, huh?』
『う、うん…。オナニー…したのは初めて…だからわかんなくて…』=『Y-Yeah... it's the first time... I've done it... so I don't know...』
『そうかぁ。…すごく気持ちよくて最後の最後で体がビクビクってなったよね？』=『I see. ...At the end there, it felt really really good, and your body started twitching all over, right?』
『それがイクってことなんだよ。それでおマンコも……ああ、畳まで濡らしちゃうぐらい…。』=『That's what we call "cumming". And your pussy... aah, even the tatami's all wet...』
『あ、ここ…っ。よ、汚してごめんなさい…！』=『Ah, that... I-I'm sorry for making such a mess...!』
『こんなにグチョグチョになるほど、気持ちよかったんだねえ』=『It must have felt just that good, huh? For you to get this soppy wet.』
『う、うん……』=『Y-Yeah....』
『そうかそうか。でも、畳は後で掃除するにしても…”こっち”は今、綺麗にしないとね』=『I see I see. But still, I can always clean up the tatami later... for now, we need to get you cleaned up down here.』
『……そ、そうなの…？』=『...R-Really...?』
『うーん、拭くにも…丁度、ティッシュを切らせてるしなぁ…』=『Nnn, something to wipe... as it happens, I just ran out of tissues too...』
『え…どうしよう。ご、ごめんなさい』=『Eh... what do I... I-I'm sorry.』
『そうだなぁ…おじさんがここを舐めて綺麗にしてあげるよ。』=『Let's see... don't worry, uncle will just lick you clean down there.』
『えっ、ここって…っ？！！私の…あそこ…舐める、って………こ、こんなところダメだよ！汚いよっ！』=『Eh--, "down there"...?!! Lick me... down... there... n-no, don't! It's filthy--!』
『ははは、汚くないよ。おしっこじゃないんだし、それに大人は舐めあいっこするんだよ？』=『Hahaha, no it's not. It's not pee or anything, plus adults tend to lick each other down there, you know?』
『おじさんが舐めて、乙羽ちゃんが大人の体になってるか確かめないといけないし…。』=『And I do need to lick you, to check and see if you're growing into an adult properly...』
『…そんなことで、大人になってるかどうかわかるの…？』=『...Can you really tell, by doing that...?』
まったく…愚直そのものでやりやすい。=Good lord... naive to a fault, truly.
今ならどんなことでも本当だと信じて、そのままなんの疑いも無しに覚えそうだ。=I bet she'd believe anything I say, no matter how ridiculous, and just take it at face value.
『もちろん、わかるよ。それに、ほら、そこの本の左下、女の人が舐めてもらってるだろう？』=『Of course, I can. Not to mention, look at that magazine's bottom left corner. Isn't that woman getting herself licked too?』
『……う、うん…で、でも……。…やっぱりあそこなんて舐めちゃ…』=『...Y-Yeah... b-but... I really think you shouldn't, I'm...』
『大丈夫。それと、あそこ、じゃなくて…おマンコ。ほら言ってごらん』=『Don't worry. Also, not "down there"... try saying "pussy".』
『お………お…おま…んこ………』=『P... P... Pu... ssy....』
『ははは、乙羽ちゃんは素直でエッチですごく可愛いなあ』=『Hahaha, so honest and lewd. You're adorable, Otoha-chan.』
『わ、私、そんなにエッチじゃ…な、ないもん…！』=『I-I'm not that... l-lewd...!』
『そうかそうか。でもドキドキするだろう？』=『I see I see. But your heart's pounding, right?』
『…う……うん…』=『....Y... Yeah...』
『だからこれからは、あそこじゃなくて、おマンコっていうんだよ？』=『So from now on, say "pussy" and not "down there", okay?』
『おじさんがそういうなら……』=『If you say so, uncle...』
『よし、いい子だ』=『Alright, good girl.』
『じゃあ、確認もしなくちゃいけないし、おマンコを舐めようか。指よりもずっと気持ちよくなれるよ』=『Well then, I do gotta check, so let's lick your pussy. It's going to feel way better than your fingers.』
これだけ言えば、あと一押しぐらいでいけるだろう。=With all that said, another gentle push is all it's going to take.
『…お、おじさんは…嫌じゃない…？』=『...Y-You don't... mind, uncle...?』
よし、ここまでくればもういけたも同然だ。=Alright, it's practically a done deal.
『乙羽ちゃんのおマンコなら全然嫌じゃないよ。ほら、これ以上畳が汚れても困るから、そこに座って脚を開いて…』=『Not at all, since it's your pussy, Otoha-chan. C'mon, we can't let the tatami get any messier, just sit down there and spread your legs...』
俺が立ち上がる前に、乙羽ちゃんに窓の近くにある座れる場所を指差してそこに座るように促す。=Before I got up myself, I pointed to a place where she could sit down near the window, and told her to go there.
素直にいそいそとそこへと少し歩いて座り…控えめに両脚を広げた。=Obediently, she got up and walked over there with almost a spring in her step... and spread her legs for me a bit.
すぐに俺も近寄り、彼女を見上げる形で目の前に座る。=Walking there right after myself, I sat down in front of her, at an angle where I'd have to look up at her.
『…う、うん。……こう？』=『....O-Okay.... like this?』
『もっと思いっきり開いて…』=『Open them wider....』
『はぁ、はぁ…恥ずかしいよぉ…』=『Haah, haah... but it's so embarrassing...』
『おじさんも興奮してるから、恥ずかしいっていうならお互い様だよ』=『I'm aroused too, so we're in the same boat when it comes to embarrassment.』
『こんな格好して…はしたない子だって思ってない…？』=『But I'm spreading my legs like this... do you think I'm a dirty girl for doing it...?』
『そんなことは思ってないよ。それで興奮してるんだから』=『Not at all. That's why I'm aroused to begin with.』
『…おじさんも…私で興奮してくれてるの…？』=『...You're aroused... from seeing my body...?』
『そうだよ。乙羽ちゃんで興奮して、勃起してる』=『That's right. I'm aroused, and erect.』
『ぼっき…？』=『Erect...?』
『知らないことは仕方がないから、あとでいっぱい教えてあげようね』=『If you don't know then it is what it is. I'll teach it all to you later.』
これから俺好みに仕込み放題だと思うと、目の前にあるおマンコも相まって、興奮が止まらなくなる。=The thought of being able to educate her however I wanted, coupled with her pussy being right in front of me, made my arousal into an unstoppable force.
『乙羽ちゃんは賢くて、物覚えがいいから、教えがいがあるよ』=『You're a clever girl, and you're great at remembering things, so it's worth teaching you.』
『あ、ありがと…。ぁ、はぁはぁ…おじさん、息…当たってる…。はぁはぁ…』=『T-Thank you... ah, haahaah... uncle, I can... feel your breath... haahaaah...』
『乙羽ちゃん、イったのにまだまだ溢れてきてるね』=『Even though you already came, you're still flooding so much, huh?』
『あっ、ごめんなひゃ…ひうっ…息でフゥってなるだけで……んっ…はぁっ』=『Ah--, I'm shorr... hyuh--... just feeling your breath down there... nn--... haah--』
『やっぱりクリストリスが気持ちいいんだね』=『Your clitoris really is sensitive, huh?』
『はぁっはぁっ…クリトリス…？』=『Haah--, haah--... clitoris...?』
『そう、おじさんが舐めて、どこのことか教えてあげるよ。気持ちよくても恥ずかしくても脚は閉じないようにね』=『Yep. I'll lick it and show you exactly which part of you it is. Even if it feels good, or feels embarrassing, don't go closing your legs, okay?』
『う、うん…ん、っひゃぅうっ！！』=『O-Okay... nnn, hyyauuu--!!』
『息が当たるだけでイっちゃそうな声をあげて…。本当に敏感でエッチな体だねぇ』=『Crying out like that, as if you're about to cum, just from my breath... what a sensitive and lewd body you have~』
『はーっ、はー…エッチで…ご、ごめんなさい…』=『Haah--, haah... I-I'm sorry... for being so lewd...』
『敏感でエッチな体の子はおじさん大好きだよ。また溢れてきそうだから、綺麗にしてあげようね』=『No no, I love girls with sensitive and lewd bodies. At this rate you'll overflow again in no time though, so let's clean you up.』
『待って、まだ恥ずかしっ…』=『Wait, it's still too embarra--...』
『んんんっ…！！！』=『Nnnnnnn--...!!!』
『あっ、おじさん、あああっ…あっああっ…』=『Ah--, uncle, aaaah--... ah--, aaah--...』
なんの汚れもない、綺麗で張りのあるピンク色のおマンコから、どんどん蜜が溢れてくる。=Her nectar gushed out of her pure and clean, and taut pussy.
『あっ、ああっ…はっはっ…、そこダメえっ…。あーっはぁはぁ、変になっちゃうっ…』=『Ah--, aaah--... hah--, hah--... not thereee--... Ah--, haaahaah, I'll go crazy--....』
クリトリスを刺激すると、マンビラをヒクつかせながら受け止めきれないほど大量に分泌される。=When I simulated her clitoris, her labia twitched hard, as more juices gushed out than I could take care of.
震えを覚えるほど初々しいメスの匂いが広がる。=Her female scent spread out to the point that she started trembling.
『あっあっ…おじさん、もっとゆっくり…。すぐまた何かキちゃうっ…から…。やあ、ああっ…』=『Ah--, ah--... uncle... go slower.... something's going to come again... so... yaah, aah--...』
わざと音を立てるように舌を動かすと、ぴっちり閉じた膣の入り口がヒクついて痙攣しているのが舌先に伝わる。=As I moved my tongue in a way to make noise, I could feel her tightly closed off vagina twitching and spasming on the tip of my tongue.
『はーっはーっ…すぐに変になっちゃう…。あっ、ああっおじさん、ダメッ。ひうっ、んんっ…キちゃう、よぉ…』=『Haah--, haah--... I'll go crazy in no time... ah--, aaah--, uncle, no--, hyuh--, nn--... it's going to, come...』
舐め上げている肉ヒダやマンビラは、新品や若さそのものといった色と形をしている。=The folds and labia I was licking up had the color and shape of "youth" itself.
風俗は勿論、裏ビデオですら拝めないほどの代物だ。黒ずみもなく、引き攣れたような醜いシワもない。=Forget brothels, they wouldn't look so "fresh" even in an uncensored porno. There was nothing 'dark', nor were there wrinkly folds from overuse.
『またイクんだね…？』=『You're going to cum again, I see...』
少し口を離すと、みずみずしい愛液がツーっと透明な糸を引く。=As I pulled away just a bit, her fresh and thick love juice dripped out in a silvery string.
『はあ、ああっ、私、イクっ…の…？はぁはあ、はぁっ』=『Haah, aah--, I'm, going to--... cum...? Haah, haah, haah--』
『ひとりでシた時の最後みたいになってきてるなら、そうだよ。イクって言ってごらん』=『If you're feeling the same way as you did near the end when you did it by yourself, then that's right. Try saying "cum".』
堪らなくなって言い終わらないうちにまたがっぷりとむしゃぶりついた。=Unable to hold on, I latched onto her and started sucking again before I even finished.
『あ、ああ！はっ…はぁはあ、はぁっ…ああっ…』=『Ah, aaah! Hah--... haah, haah, haaah--... aaah--...』
舌がぬめり、柔らかい肉と蜜の味に思える粘液。その感触、温度、味、匂いのすべてが脳を直接刺激する。=My tongue felt the slimey, soft flesh, and the honey sweet nectar of hers. The texture, temperature, taste, and smell, all hit me right in the head.
自身の指すら咥えたことがない、無垢なおマンコの中に舌を挿し入れたい気持ちをぐっと堪える。=I had to endure the urge to stuff my tongue inside, considering her folds hadn't felt even her own fingers inside it yet.
堪える度に、チンポが今すぐにでもココに射精したそうにビクビクと震える。=And the more I held back, the more my cock twitched, as if raring to ejaculate right then and there.
『はぁ、ああっ、はっはっおじさん、私イク…！キちゃうの、イク…！はぁはぁっ、ああっ…』=『Haah, aah--, hah--, hah--, uncle, I'm going to cum...! It's coming, I'll cum...! Haah, haaah--, aaah--...』
この処女膜は、乙羽ちゃんの指でも俺の指でもなく俺のチンポで貫きたい…。=I wanted her hymen pierced not by her fingers, nor by my own, but by my cock...
『あっあっあっ…おじさん、ほんとにもうイク…！やあ…ああっ…はぁ、イ…イっちゃう！』=『Ah--, ah--, ah--... uncle, I really will cum...! Noo... ah--... haah, cu... cumming!』
どうせ俺のものになるんだ。今は絶頂したがるがままに舌でしごきあげて、イかせてやろう。=She'll be mine in the end anyway. For now, I'll lick her up right as she peaks out, and make her cum.
『あーっ、イク…！おじさん、あっ、ぁあああ…！そこ、すごいの！すごいのダメっ…ダメぇえっ！』=『Aah--, cumming...! Uncle, ah--, aaaaaah...! That feels, amazing! No, stop--... nooo--!』
『イっクぅう…っあああーー！！！』=『Cumming... aaaaaaah---!!』
『はー…っ…はー…っ…はー…っ…』=『Haah... haah... haah....』
『乙羽ちゃん、派手にイっちゃったねぇ』=『You came really hard there, Otoha-chan.』
『はー…っ…はー…っご…めんな…しゃい…。はー…はー……』=『Haah... haaah... I'm... sho... rrry.... haah... haah...』
謝るのがクセになっているのは仕方ないと思い始めた。しかし、このクセも使いようだろう。=I was starting to think that apologizing was just a habit of hers. Still, there were ways to make good use of that.
『はー…おじさ、ん…私…大人に…、はーはー…っ…はー…なって、た…？』=『Haah... unc, le.... am I... growing... haahaaah... haah... into a proper, adult...?』
『え…あ、なっていたよ。…ここを舐められてイクのは大人の証拠だからね』=『Eh... ah, yes, you are. ...Cumming from being licked down here is proof of that.』
自分で言ったことを忘れていて、内心少し慌てる。どうしようもないぐらい信じ込みやすくて…=I'd forgotten what I said to her earlier, and so panicked a bit. She's so gullible, it's a bit ridiculous...
可愛いというか…ちょろいというか…。=I don't know whether to call her adorable... or easy...
『っ…よかったぁ…。はーはー…』=『--!... Great... haaah, haaah...』
汗まみれのまま、ぐったりとしているとはいえ何の疑いも抱かない。=She was covered in sweat and absolutely knocked out, but she didn't suspect a thing.
そんな乙羽ちゃんを見ても…俺は罪悪感などなくむしろ、優越感を強く感じていた。=Seeing her like that... rather than feeling any guilt, I just felt superior.
『…お、おじさん。あの…あんなことさせて、その…本当に、ご、ごめんなさい…。』=『...U-Uncle. Uhm... I-I'm sorry for, uhm... making you, do that...』
好みの女の子をイかせた優越感と満足感しかない俺に投げられた謝罪に、つい首を傾げてしまう。=As she apologized to me while I was savouring the sense of superiority over having made the girl I like cum, I couldn't help but tilt my head.
『…なんで謝るんだい？』=『...Why are you apologizing?』
『その…エッチなことだし…………。』=『Uhm... well, it was very naughty and lewd...』
『大丈夫。おじさんに言ってごらん』=『It's fine, try telling me?』
言いたくて仕方がないことほど、詰まって無言になってしまうのは乙羽ちゃんのクセだ。=It was a habit of hers, that the more she wanted to say something, the more she couldn't spit it out.
そういう時はいつもこうやって促してあげていた。=At times like that, I always pushed her back like that.
『…そ、その…おじさんと私は親戚、だし…これってやっぱり…ダメなこと、だよね？』=『...U-Uhm... well I mean, we're realtives, so... this isn't... right, is it?』
『…なのに、私が…はしたないことして…おじさんにあんなことさせちゃったから…。』=『...And yet, I... did something so lewd... and then made you do something even worse...』
すっかり忘れていた、というわけではない。=It's not like I'd forgotten about it.
ただ、改めて言われてみれば、続柄上からしてこの関係は完全にアウトだ。=But, since she'd brought it up, I realized again that this relationship was completely out of the question.
しかし、バレてしまってはいけないということを、乙羽ちゃんも分かっている。つまり、これは…=Still, she herself knew that it'd be bad news if word of this got out. So, what she was trying to say was...
『うーん…まあ、そうだね。もし誰かにこのことがバレてしまったら、大変なことになってしまうね。』=『Nnn... well, yeah. If someone does find out about this, it'll turn into a real mess, for sure.』
『っ………』=『--!....』
…完全に捕まえた。=...I had her dancing right in my palm.
『乙羽ちゃんもだけど、おじさんなんかは、とんでもないことになっちゃうなぁ…。』=『You'd still get off lightly, whereas someone like me would, well...』
こんなにエロくて、若くて、素直で、可愛くて、まっさらで…=She was so lewd, so young, so obedient, so adorable, and so untouched...
これからますます俺好みに育つであろう女の子を、獲物を逃すつもりは一切ない。=I had no intention of letting this girl that was only going to grow more into my tastes, this prey, get away. Not even remotely.
『そ、そうだよね。本当に、本当にごめんなさい！今後は絶対、こんなことしないようにするね。』=『Y-You're right. I really am, sorry! I'll try my best, so that it doesn't come to this again.』
『でも、今日あったことは、もうどうしようもないから…そうだなあ…』=『But what happened today's something neither of us can do anything about... so let's see...』
俺のゲスい考えなど一切知りもしないで、縮こまる乙羽ちゃんに、今はこれだけ言っておいてあげよう。=As she curled up, without knowing even the slightest bit about what I was thinking, I said one final thing to her.
『このことは２人だけの秘密にしよう。おじさんも誰にも言わないし、乙羽ちゃんも、ね？』=『Let's keep this as our little secret. I won't tell anyone, so you shouldn't either, okay?』
『うん！私も誰にも言わないから。絶対秘密にするね。おじさん、今日は本当にごめんね。』=『Okay! I won't tell anyone. I'll keep it a secret. I really am sorry, uncle.』
『そんなに何度も謝らなくて大丈夫だよ。じゃあ、こういうことはこれきりだ。』=『You don't need to apologize so much. Well then, let's never do that again, okay?』
『う、うん………。』=『O-Okay.......』
『じゃ、じゃあ私、もう帰るね。』=『T-Then, I'm gonna go home.』
『気を付けてね。』=『Be careful on your way back.』
『うん…。』=『Okay...』
そう言うと乙羽ちゃんは服を整え…=Saying that, she fixed up her clothes...
罪悪感といけないことをいっぱい抱えた表情で乙羽ちゃんが部屋の出口に向かい…=and with a face full of guilt and burdened with heavy thoughts, she walked towards the doorway...
出て行った。=and left.
『こういうことはこれきり、今後は絶対ない…か。』=『That was the last of that, and it'll never happen again... huh?』
まさか。そんなわけないだろう。むしろ、ここからが始まりだ。=As if. Like I'd let that happen. If anything, this was just the start.
乙羽ちゃんの素直さ、無垢さ、貪欲さ…=She was honest, innocent, and lustful...
それゆえに大きな抵抗もなく、素直に全てを受け入れていく…。=and because of that, she would accept everything obediently, without resisting...
つまり、どんなふうにでも出来るということだ。…これからの日々が楽しみで仕方ない。=In other words, I could do whatever I wanted to her. ...For once, I was looking forward to the coming days.
屋外の雑務を終わらせて、今は校内で涼んでいた。用務員室まで戻るのも面倒だ。=Having finished up my chores, I was back to cooling off inside the school. It was too much trouble to go back to my room.
今日やらなくてはいけない仕事がこんな時間に終わってしまった。あとは見回りぐらいか…。=I already finished up all the tasks I absolutely had to do today. All that's left now is to patrol...
ブラブラと歩きながら考える。=I thought while wandering around the place.
明日使う用具を倉庫の近くまで運んでおこうか。しかし今日は特別暑い気がする。屋外には出たくない。=Guess I could carry the equipment I'll need tomorrow down to the storehouse. But at the same time, it's way too hot today. I don't want to go outside.
このままあてもなく見回りのふりをしてダラダラと散策しよう。=Guess I'll just walk around pretending to patrol instead.
いつものルートだと教員に呼び止められて仕事を押し付けられるかもしれない。=If I take my usual route, a teacher might stop me and push some annoying chores onto me though.
普段はあまり行かない方へ行くか…。=Guess I'll go somewhere I don't usually...
しばらくすると、明らかに女生徒のものである複数の声が聞こえてきた。=After walking a while, I heard several voices that were for sure from female students.
恐らく部活だろう。そう考えると、自然と声の元に足が向かう。=It's probably some club. Thinking that, I continued walking down the way I was going.
そして、体育館へ辿り着いた。声はするものの、ボールが跳ねる音などは聞こえてこない。=As I did, I arrived at the gym. Though I could hear voices, I didn't hear any balls bouncing around.
ということは、新体操部だろうか。だとすればラッキーだ。…覗いてみよう。=It must be the rhythmic gymnastics club then. If so, I've hit it big today... Let's take a peek.
期待通り、そこには眼福な光景が広がっていた。新体操部の部活中だ。=Just as I expected, a feast for the eyes was waiting for me. The rhythmic gymnastics club was in session.
目の前には、ボディラインにぴったりと張り付くレオタードを身に着けている女生徒達がいる。=Right in front of me were girls in leotards that clung tightly to their bodies.
顧問は今はいないようだ。=And their club advisor wasn't around either.
やはり、キャッキャと賑やかにしてる若い女の子はいい。練習前なのか、あちらこちらでストレッチを始めている。=Lively girls squealing about really are a sight for sore eyes. They probably hadn't started practice yet, as they were still doing warm-ups.
すっと伸ばされた腕に光沢のある滑らかな布地が吸い付き、腕の肉付きから胴体に繋がる部分の形がありありと浮かび上がっている。=The smooth, and reflective fabric clung to their stretched out arms, and everything from the fat on their arms to the joint where they connected to their torso was easy to see.
そして誰もが、俺に見せるためかと勘違いするほど遠慮なく脚を広げ、平然とあられもないポーズを取ったりしている。=And they were all spreading their legs so shamelessly, it felt almost like they were doing it for me. Truly, they were some unladylike poses.
あの薄い布地1枚の奥に、みずみずしく引き締まったおマンコがあると思うと、自ずと股間が熱くなる。=Just thinking about how their young and juicy pussies were hidden behind those thin pieces of fabric was enough to make my own crotch hot.
…あーたまらん。今日はこれを思い出しつつ、学生新体操モノでシコろう。=...Ah, this is too good. I'll have to keep this in mind for when I rub one out to some highschool gymnastics stuff later.
ここにいる柔軟な子達が相手なら、どれだけ下品なポーズや体位でもお手のものだろう。=With how flexible the girls here were, I'm sure no pose or position would be too much for them.
たっぷり中出ししてやる。=I'll creampie all of them lots in my head.
『一緒にやろ』=『Let's do it together.』
『ん、今日なんか右側伸びにくい…』=『Nn, my right side feels a bit tighter today...』
『はい、呼吸止めないでー吐きながら伸ばしてー』=『Alright, don't hold your breath, exhale and stretch~』
飛び交う声も若々しく心地よい。=The voices flying around me were all young and pleasant ones.
ひとりずつ、頭の先から足のつま先までゆっくりと目線で堪能する。=I savoured each of the girls with my eyes, from the tops of their head to the tips of their toes.
骨格から肉付き、身長や胸のサイズまで…レオタードのおかげで丸見えだ。=From their bone structures to their flesh, their height and their breasts... thanks to their leotards, I could see it all.
『今日の自主、前倒ブリッジしようかな』=『For today's solo activity, I think I'm gonna do a wheel pose.』
『あ、私もそれやる！』=『Ah, I wanna do that too!』
どんなつもりで見られているかも知らずに無邪気に会話するさまもいい。=The way they were just talking on innocently without even knowing just how they were being looked at was also great.
こうして見比べてみれば、明らかに日焼け止めで白い肌を保っている子もいれば、自然に焼けている子もいる。=Looking at them like this, I could see a few that were maintaining their white skins using sunscreen, and a tanned few that didn't bother too.
体格の違いはあれど、どの子も健康的で艶とハリがあった。=Although they had different physiques, they were all healthy, firm and with glossy skins.
あそこにいる子は特に肌艶がすごい。肉付きもなかなか…=Especially that girl over there, her skin was particularly glossy. And her build was quite...
『ん？…ちょっとぉ！アンタ何見てんのよ！！』=『Nn? ...Hey! What are you looking at!!』
『…っ？！』=『...--?!』
半身を隠して覗いていたのに、視線に気付かれた…。肩が波打ってしまった。=Even though I was looking in with half my body hidden, someone noticed, huh... My shoulders shook.
『ここ、部外者立ち入り禁止なんだけどー』=『Outsiders aren't allowed in here, you know?』
なんだ、あの…ギャルか…？レオタードを着ているが雰囲気から明らかに分かるものがある。=What, is it... that gal...? She was in a leotard too but there was something about her that was different from the others.
場違いな感じに首をひねる。=Sticking out like a sore thumb now, I racked my head.
『…ココア？どうしたの？』=『...Cocoa? What's wrong?』
『あ、先輩。なんかあそこに知らないオッサンがいてー、めっちゃこっち見てるんですよ』=『Ah, senpai. Look, that old man over there. He's really staring at us.』
お、莉乃ちゃんだ…と思っている間に、こっちを示されて身を隠すことも出来なくなってしまった。=Ah, it's Rino-chan... but as I was thinking that, I'd already been pointed to, so I couldn't exactly hide myself anymore.
知らぬ顔をするのも不自然なので、軽く手をあげて挨拶する。=It'd be more unnatural to pretend I don't know her, so I just raised my hand and greeted her.
『あ…』=『Ah...』
『ん？先輩、知り合いなんですか？あんな小汚いおっさんと』=『Nn? Senpai, do you know him? A dirty old man like him?』
『え…？あ、うん。この間、学校でちょっと話したくらいだけど…』=『Eh...? Ah, yeah. I mean, we just talked a bit the other day, is all...』
『あの人…部外者じゃなくて、新しい用務員さんだよ』=『He's... not an outsider, he's the new custodian here.』
『え？そうなんですか？へぇ…』=『Eh? Really? Hoh...』
『先輩、どしたんすか？』=『Senpai, what's wrong?』
『私、ちょっと話してくるね』=『I'll go talk to him, okay?』
『あ、ハイ』=『Ah, ok.』
ギャルと話していた莉乃ちゃんがこちらに向かって歩いてきた。=She, who'd been talking to the gal, started walking towards me.
そして、目の前に立たれる。この格好の莉乃ちゃんを間近でみれるとはツいている。=And then stood right in front of me. I was a lucky man, being able to see her like this from up close.
『やあ、莉乃ちゃん』=『Hey there, Rino-chan.』
『…あの、こういう場では苗字で呼んでくれない？』=『...Uhm, can't you call me by my lastname instead?』
俺に声をかけながら、背後の少し離れた場所にいる部員達のほうを気にしているようだ。目線が泳いでいる。=Though she was talking to me, she seemed more concerned about her clubmates right behind her. Her gaze was moving all around.
『ああ。おじさんとの関係を、部員の皆は知らないだろうからね』=『Sure. Your clubmates probably don't know about the relationship we have, after all.』
『別に…っていうか変な言い方はやめて』=『Why would I... also, could you not put it that way?』
つれない態度よりも、肉体を見せつけてくる衣装に目を奪われている。=The way her outfit showed off her body attracted me more than her cold attitude could put me off.
『ごめんごめん。それはそうと…部活のことは聞いてたけど実際こうやってレオタード姿を見ると感慨深いな』=『Sorry, sorry. That aside... I talked about your club but, I didn't know you did it in leotards like these. It's really something, I'll say.』
『か、感慨…？』=『E-Eh, what are you...?』
『莉乃ちゃんも大きくなって、後輩が沢山いる場で活躍して…それに健康そうな体で何よりだってね』=『You're all big now, and you've got lots of juniors too... and more than anything, you've grown up into a healthy girl, Rino-chan.』
『だからっ、その名前呼びじゃなくって……ってどこ見てるのよ』=『I told you--, don't call me that... wuh, where are you even looking?』
『ああ、ごめんね。暁さんって言えばいいのかな。恰好が恰好だからついそっちに目が行っちゃって…』=『Aah, sorry. I guess I should call you Akatsuki-san? It's hard to help it with the way you're dressed, my bad.』
距離を置こうとしてくる態度に、少しあてつけてみる。胸の膨らみや腰の括れの目線をやる。=Trying to poke at the way she was putting distance between us, I threw obvious glances at her chest and hips.
『…もう帰って』=『...Just go.』
『帰ってって…この学校はおじさんの職場だよ？』=『Go where?... Uncle works here, you know?』
『仕事に戻ってって意味。体育館は使用後に掃除してるし、顧問の先生がいるから見回らなくていいし』=『Go back to work then. We clean up after ourselves here, and we have our own advisor, so you don't need to patrol around here.』
『そうか…。じゃあ他から仕事を片付けにいくとするかな』=『I see... Guess I'll take care of some other work then.』
間近でたっぷりと見れた。もっと…とも思ったが今は退くとしよう。=I got to see a whole lot up close today. A bit more would have been nice but... I'll step back here for now.
莉乃ちゃんをこれ以上感情的にさせる意味も今はない。=There was no point in getting her any more emotionally charged than she already was anyway, at least for now.
『じゃあ、部活頑張ってね』=『Do your best with your club activities then.』
莉乃ちゃんに背を向け、どこに行こうかと考えながら歩き出す。=I turned around, and then walked out, thinking about where to head to next.
『…はぁ…』=『...Haah....』
最後にちらっと振り返ると、あのギャルの元へ戻っていく莉乃ちゃんが見えた。=As I glanced back one last time, I saw her returning back to that gal.
『っはー、肩のびるー……って、先輩…なんか、めちゃ顔疲れてますよ？どしたんすか？』=『Haah~, I can feel it loosening up~.... uh, senpai... you look really tired, you know? What's wrong?』
『んー…なんでもない。えっとその…他の部員に、新任の用務員さんだって知らない子が多いから伝えるって話をしただけ』=『Nn... it's nothing. Erhm... well, I told him I'd tell the other girls, since many of them don't know that there's a new custodian around.』
『あー、ですよねー。ウチだって一瞬フツーに不審者って思いましたよー』=『Ah, of course~. Even I thought he looked real dodgy for a sec there~』
『あはは…』=『Ahahah...』
『よし、私も始めよっと…』=『Alright, guess I'll start too...』
『でもアレ、部外者じゃなくてもー…めっちゃエロい目でウチらのこと見てましたよねー』=『But still, even if he wasn't an outsider... he was looking at us with some real leery eyes, you know?~』
『え…、そんなことはないんじゃないかな…』=『Eh... probably not, I'd say...』
『いやいや、めっちゃガン見してきてましたよ。もうどんだけ溜まってんのって感じですよね』=『No no, he was really staring, you know? Just how bottled up can a guy be?』
『マジ冴えないオッサンだからパコる相手とかいないだろうしぃ。目線がミョーに脂ぎってる感じでー』=『He looked like a real loser, bet he's got nobody to fuck~. The way he was looking at us was super greasy too~』
『ココア、あの人の話はそのあたりでやめてよ』=『Cocoa, could you stop it at that?』
『ウチらをズリネタにするぐらいしか楽しみがないって思ったら、多少の視姦ぐらいは許せちゃいますけどね』=『But if he ain't got anyone but us to use as his fap goods then I guess I don't mind him ogglin' at us a bit.』
『それにー必死にチンポシゴいて慰めてるって思うと、ちょっとコーフンするかも。汚される快感、みたいなｗ』=『Not to mention, thinking about him just desperately rubbing one off to us is kinda arousing, in a really degrading way, you know?』
『ココア！そのへんにしときなさいってば！』=『Cocoa! I told you to cut it out!』
『う、……はーい。スミマセン』=『Uu-- ...Okay~. My bad.』
『ほら、ストレッチ再開！集中、集中！』=『Come on, we're stretching here! Focus, focus!』
『はぁい。先輩、真面目ですね。んっ、と…』=『Okay~. Straight as ever, senpai. Nn...』
『普通だよ。それに新体操は見せる競技なんだから、っ…ふー…、目線なんか気にしてられないし』=『You're just too casual. Not to mention, rhythmic gymnastics is a show sport so--... fuuuh... we can't let gazes get to us.』
『っ…、ふー…』=『--... fuuh....』
『…っと！はい、そろそろ次のストレッチいくよ』=『...Ah~! Alright, time for the next one.』
『さ、前屈開始』=『Come on then, bend forward.』
『うげ…ウチ、マジで前屈は苦手なんですよね…』=『Ugeh... I'm seriously bad at that...』
『んもー、それずっと言ってるじゃん。入部した時から言ってない？』=『Jeez~, you always say that. Haven't you been saying that since you joined?』
『ホント全然ラクになんなくて。でも最初よりは結構イケるようになったんですよ』=『Cuz it still doesn't feel good even now. It's a lot better than when I started out though.』
『そうそう。体が硬くて苦手でも、ちょっとずつ進歩していけるんだから、今日も頑張ろ！』=『Exactly. Even if it's hard or your body's too stiff, it'll get better if you keep at it, so do your best today too!』
『んっ、んっ…、そういえばココアって何でこの部に入ったの？』=『Nn--, nn--... come to think of it, why'd you join this club, Cocoa?』
『んっ、ふっ…どうしたんですか、急に？…んっ…』=『Nn--, fuh--... why the sudden question? ...Nn--....』
『いやー、こう言っちゃ悪いけど、んっ、ふ…なんか部活しそうにないって言うか、ん…はぁ…っ、遊び第一なとこあるじゃん？…んっ』=『No well~, and I feel bad for saying this but, nn--, fuh... you don't seem like the type to do club stuff, like, nnn... haah...--! Like, fun's your biggest priority and stuff, you know? ...Nn--』
『それは…ぁっ…そうなんですけど、ウチのガッコ、部活っ…っは…必須…っじゃないですか。んっ…』=『You're not... ah--... wrong about that, but we need, to join--... hah... a club, at our school, no? Nn--...』
『ウチだって、必須じゃなかった…っ、ら……んっ…はぁ…、入部する気なんて最初、無かったですよ』=『If we didn't, I would have... --, ne... nn--... haah... never joined a club to begin with, you know?』
『うん、だから何で他の部活じゃなくて新体操に…んっ、ふぅ…したの、かなって』=『Yeah, so why this club and not another... nn--, fuuh... that's all, really.』
『サボろうと思えばもっと…あぁっ、都合のいいのあったんじゃないかなって。ほら、文化系とか』=『I mean, if you were looking to just skip.... aah--, there's probably better clubs than this one. Like the cultural ones.』
『んんーっ、…この格好、レオタード見てぇ、あ、コレめっちゃ男ウケイイって、もう即入部決めたんですよー』=『Nnnn--... well, it was the leotards, I took one look and knew that, they'd be real guy magnets so~』
『ウチみたいなのがこんな清楚っぽい部活してたら、ん……ふ、あっ…ギャップ受けもいいんじゃないかっ、て』=『Like, if a girl like me had a hidden pure side then, nn... fuh, ah--... guys like that sorta thing, you know?』
『ええ…そんな理由？んん…でもココアらしいっ、かも。はぁっ…』=『Eeh... is that it? Nnn--... but that's just like you--, I think. Haah--....』
『ホントは多少できるフリ身につけたら、っ…いー感じにユーレー部員に、くっ…なるつもりだったんですけど』=『I was actually planning on ghosting the club.... once I learned, some of the, kuh--... more basic stuff.』
『やってたら結構楽しくってー、んっ、自分でも意外であっ、前屈はもうハナっからダメだけど』=『But it was actually pretty fun once I tried it, nn--, even I was surprised ah--, there's no fixing forward stretches for me though.』
『最初、直角に座って全然動けてない時に比べたらっ…っしょ、柔らかくなってるじゃん。続いてるしすごいよ』=『Compared to the start, when you couldn't bend down a single degree from 90--... hoh~, you're so much looser now. And you're getting better still.』
『あざすッ　あ、そうそう、こうやって先輩と楽しくやれてるってのもあるんでー。ふっ、んん…』=『Thanks--! Ah, right, part of it's also that it's fun to do it with you, senpai~. Fuh--, nnn...』
『ふふ、ありがと。ふー…ん、ココアも真面目なとこあるじゃん』=『Fufuh, thank you. Fuuh~... nn, see? You're plenty serious about it yourself.』
『あーでもー、っ、ん…一番っていうとー…エッチがめっちゃよくなったんですよ…』=『Ah but~, nnn... for me, the biggest reason's gotta be... the sex has gotten so much better, like jeez...』
『え、ええ…？！それ、続けてる一番の理由？』=『E-Eeh...!? That's your biggest reason for continuing?』
『ハイ。ん、腰使いとか体位とか、ふぅ、はぁ…そうそうあと、締まりが…んっ、いいらしくって、カレシがー…』=『Yes. Nn, my control over my hips, and the poses I can take, fuuh, haah... oh and, my boyfriend says... nn--, apparently, I'm a lot tighter--.....』
『こらこらこら…！っもー！周りの部員に丸聞こえだし、今はその話はダメ！』=『Hey...! Jeez! Everyone else can hear you, so let's not talk about that now of all times!』
『じゃあちょっと小声でー。ん、っは…気が紛れないとこのストレッチつらくって…』=『Then I'll just whisper~. Nn, haah... these stretches are so hard to do, when I can't distract myself...』
『ほんと小声で話してよ』=『Whisper really quietly then.』
『ハイ。ふぅ…はぁ…。あ、で、気になってたんですけど先輩ってもうカレシとパコりました？』=『Okay. Fuuh... haah... Ah, but I've actually been pretty curious, have you fucked your boyfriend yet, senpai?』
『え、パっ…ぃ、痛っ…ってて…！し、シてないよ、そ、そんなの』=『Eh, fu--... o-ow--... owww....! I-I haven't--!』
『あはは、いきなり体動かしたら、傷めるって言ったの先輩なのに、気を付けてくださいよー』=『Ahahah, you're the one who said that I should be careful about twisting anything, senpai~』
『コ、ココアが変なことを急に言うからでしょ！』=『I-It's because you brought up something so weird all of a sudden!』
『で、それってマジですか？ん、んっ…っは…そんな体付きエロいのに？まだカレシとヤってないんですか？』=『So, is that seriously true? Nn, nnn--... haah... even though you've got such a lewd body? You still haven't done it?』
『んっ…そ、そんな、あり得ないものを見るような目で見ないでよ…。本当に、その、まだシてないんだから』=『Nn--... d-don't look at me like it's something so unthinkable... I really, uhm, haven't done 'it' yet.』
『え、マジやばくね？ふー…っふー…先輩のカレシ、まさか……インポなんすか？』=『Eh, isn't that insane? Fuh... fuuh... wait, is your boyfriend... like impotent or something?』
『イ、イン…！？はぁぁ…んんっ…そ、それは違うよ…』=『I-Impo...!? Haah... nnn--... n-no, he's not...』
『あ、インポじゃないって事は知ってるんだ。ちょ、ウケるｗ』=『Ah, so you know that for a fact, huh? Hilarious.』
『わ、笑わないでよぉ…。なんか…、いい雰囲気になった時に、その…、股間の方、気にしてるのが、ね…』=『D-Don't laugh at me now... You know, like... when things get good, I uhm... I can feel him, looking at my crotch, you know?...』
『あは。あるあるっすね…はぁ、ふぅ…そうそう、ウチ、今付き合ってるカレシとデキたのがハメプリで…』=『Ahah. I feel you. Haah, fuuh... ah yeah, my boyfriend and I have been going to photo booths to get prints of us doing it and...』
『んっはっ…ん？えっと、その…ハメプリって何かな…？』=『Nn--, hah--... nn? Erhm... what do you mean...?』
『そのまんまの意味ですよ。あっ…ふぅ…ハメたままプリ撮るんです。またスリルがあってイイんですよ』=『Exactly what it sounds like. Ah--... fuuh... we fuck while the camera's counting down on us and pose for a shot. It's really thrilling, you know?』
『そ！そんなの撮るの？！』=『Wha--! You do that, in public!?』
『気持ちイイですよー。んっ…新体位チャレンジ記念とか撮るのも絆アゲだし…部活終わったら覗いてみます？』=『It feels great, you know~? Nn--... catching some shots of us doing it in a new pose is a real bonding moment too... wanna check the place out after club's over?』
『わ、私、はぁ…ぁっ…そんなのに彼氏を誘えないよ！』=『I-I could, haaah... ah--... never ask my boyfriend to do that!』
『あはは、先輩焦り過ぎ。んっ…ウチと２人で様子見しておけば、カレシと行きたくなった時によくないですか？』=『Ahahah, you're overthinking it, senpai. Nn--... all I'm saying is that we should go take a look. You can ask your boyfriend to go with you anytime, you know?』
『だ、大丈夫だよ。はぁ、ふぅ…、ん…私、ココアみたいにそ、そういうのを撮る趣味ないし…。んっ』=『I-I'm fine. Haah, fuuh... nn... I'm not, into doing stuff like that, like you are.... nn--』
『はぁっんっ…じゃあ、気が変わったらいつでも声かけてくださいよ。ウチで良かったら案内しますよ』=『Haaahn--... then, just let me know if you change your mind. I don't mind showing you the ropes.』
『ココア、そういう…んっ、変なとこすごく面倒見がいいよね…。んっ、っは…』=『Cocoa, that's... nn--, you're an expert on the weirdest things, you know... nn--, haah...』
『んんっ…いや、面倒見とかじゃなくて、はぁ…マジでちょっと心配になっちゃって…。んっ、ふ…』=『Nnn--... no, it's not like that, haah... I'm just worried about you... nn--, fuuh....』
『…心配？』=『...Worried?』
『ん…、は…カレシが勃ててるの知ってるのにパコってないってことは、よーするにカレシに我慢させてるってことですよね？んっ…』=『Nn... haah... the fact that you don't fuck him even when you know he's hard, means you're making him hold it in, no? Nn--...』
『っしょ…んっ……ウチ、それで浮気に走らないオトコ、みたことないんで。…んっ』=『Nnoh.... nnn--... I've never seen a guy, who doesn't cheat after something like that. ...Nnn--』
『ふー…はー…そ、そんな、みんながみんな、そうじゃないと思うよ？…んっ…っは…』=『Fuuh... haah... I-I don't, think everyone's like that... nn--.... haah...』
『でもー…我慢、女と違ってハンパなくつらいみたいですよ。んっ…そうなる前に…』=『But~... unlike us girls, it's really hard for guys to hold it in, you know? Nn--... so before it gets to that...』
『はぁ…サクっと済ませちゃった方がっ…いいですよー』=『Haah... it's better to just let him do it, and get it--... over with~』
『んっ…そう、なのかなぁ…』=『Nn--... you, think?....』
『あ、インポじゃなくても、中折れヒドくて無理とかだったら言ってくださいね？』=『Ah, even if he's not impotent, but just goes soft during the middle of it, please let me know, okay?』
『先輩になら特別にウチのカレピ貸せなくもないんでー』=『You and I are cool, so I don't mind lending you my boyfriend for some practice~』
『っもー！ココア、この話はおしまい！後輩の子がこっち見てるし…』=『Jeez! Cocoa, no more of this! All the juniors are looking at us...』
『ウチ、小声ですよ？先輩が結構声大きくなってて…』=『I'm being pretty quiet here, you know? You're the one shouting it for everyone to hear, senpai...』
『はぁ…んもー…前屈も次のセットでおしまい！今日も私と前半は同じ練習するでしょ？』=『Haah... jeez... alright, no more stretches after this set! You were going to do the same practice today as me, no?』
『やりますよー！あー、やっと前屈終わりに出来るー』=『Yeah yeah~! Ah~, finally I can escape this hell~』
『あと５回で１セット終わりだからね？』=『It's 5 more to a set, just so you know.』
『うえ…ハーイ…』=『Ueh... fine~...』
莉乃ちゃんが新体操部をやっていると知ってから、お気に入りのオカズに学生の新体操部モノが加わった。=Ever since I found out that Rino-chan was in the rhythmic gymnastics club, highschool gymnastics stuff has become my favourite fap material.
レオタードの張り付きや食い込みが堪らない。…とはいえやはり本物の女学生には敵わない。=The way those leotards dig into their bodies is just too good. ...Still, in the end media can't compare to the real thing.
本物を拝みに部活を覗きに行きたいが、もうすっかり夕方だ。今日は諦めて、適当な見回りでもしよう。=I'd love to go and take another peek at them doing their club activities, but it was already evening. Guess I'll just do a normal patrol for once.
日も傾いている。暑さは少し弱まっているだろう。グラウンドにでも出てみるか。=The sun was setting too, so the heat should be dying down. I could go out to the ground.
風は多少あるが、蒸したような暑さがまだ残って、じわりと汗が伝う。=There was a bit of a breeze but, the humid heat was still refusing to give it up, and I was already starting to sweat.
長く伸びた影を見ながら、部室棟の近くまで来た時若い男女の話し声が聞こえた。生徒だろう。=As I watched the shadows get longer while walking around, I heard a young male and female pair talking from near the club building. Probably some students.
カップルなら覗いてやろう。=If they're a couple, even better. Guess I'll check.
ガキのくせにリア充なのはムカつくが、乳繰り合いでも見れたなら、女の方はオカズに出来るかもしれない。=It pissed me off seeing kids having romances, but if I could catch them fondling each other, the girl would make for some good fap material.
建物の陰から声のする方向にそっと目線をやる。=I quietly threw my glance at the voices from the shadow of the building.
…そこにいたのは莉乃ちゃんと、見知らぬ男子生徒だった。=...But the ones I saw there? Rino-chan and an unknown student.
親密そうに肩を寄せ合って話をしている。付き合ってるのか…？=They were almost snuggling with how close they were. Are they dating...?
まさか莉乃ちゃんに彼氏がいたなんて…。いや、あの子は上玉だ。恋人がいてもおかしくない。=To think Rino-chan had a boyfriend... No, she's a fine jewel, so that's not all that surprising.
…どうにも釈然としない気持ちで覗くことになった。=...But no matter how reasonable it was, it didn't sit right with me.
『でさー、あいつのフェイントとかバレバレでむしろ自チームの足引っ張ってんのー』=『So you know, his feints are super obvious, and if anything, he's holding back the rest of the team.』
『あはは、なにそれー』=『Ahahah, seriously?』
『あんなレベルだったら普通にディフェンスに回った方がいいのによぉ』=『Honestly, he should just stick to playing defense at his level.』
『ァハハ、タカ君、言い方キツいよーもう。そういえば休み前の地区大会、ぶっちぎりだったんでしょ？』=『Ahahah, you're being too harsh, Taka-kun. Thinking about it, at the regionals before summer, you beat them all black and blue, didn't you?』
『あーそれなー。うん！莉乃来なかったじゃん。俺のいいとこ、ぜってー見せれたのにさー』=『Ah~, that~? Yeah! You should have come, Rino. I'd have showed you my cool side~.』
『ごめんね。どうしても行けなかったんだよ。新体操の方で私も忙しくてさ』=『Sorry. I just couldn't go. I was busy with my own club.』
楽しげに話す様は、やはり付き合っている彼氏彼女といった様子だ。=The way they were talking, they really did look like a couple.
莉乃ちゃんが笑っているところを本当に久しぶりに見た。言いようのない気持ちが澱のように溜まっていく。=It really had been a while since I'd seen her smile like that. Indescribable feelings built up within me like mud.
『でも見たかったな、タカ君が活躍してるとこ。応援したかったし』=『But I wish I could have seen you going at it. I wish I could have cheered you on.』
『あんがとな、見れる時はマジ見に来いよ』=『Thanks. Seriously, come when you can, I'll show off a bit.』
男にぴったりとくっついて…莉乃ちゃんは離れようともしない。俺に対する態度とは大違いだ。=She clung closely to him... and didn't even try to let go. It was a night and day difference from the way she was with me.
あんなくだらない話をいかにも楽しそうに笑って…時々惚けたような目線を男にやっている。=Laughing at all that pointless drivel with so much joy... and even looking at him with dazed eyes sometimes.
クソ。なんなんだ…。イチャイチャしやがって…。=Fuck. The hell... flirting with her like that...
『なんだかんだいっても、チーム全体で見たら、調子は万全だから次の練習試合も余裕だわ』=『Still, I said all that but, if you take the entire team on average, we're in top form so we'll probably get through the next practice game no sweat.』
『もう、そういうのって絶対油断になっちゃうよ？』=『Jeez. Now you're just getting cocky, you know?』
『でも対戦校がマジ弱いんだって』=『I'm telling you, the other team's pathetically weak.』
『ハイハイ。でもちゃんと練習しなよ？それだけ言ってて負けたらすっごいダサいからね？』=『Fine fine. But you gotta practice, okay? If you lose after talking big game like that, it'll be really lame, you know?』
『わーってるって。練習して…それでリノが応援に来てくれたら確実に勝てる自信あるんだけどなぁ』=『I know, I know. I'll practice, I'll practice... but you know, if you come to cheer me on too, that'll really give me a boost.』
どう考えても、莉乃ちゃんと釣り合っていない。運動部らしい”タカ君”と呼ばれている男に苛立ちが募る。=He wasn't even remotely in her league, from any angle. I only felt more and more irritated at this sports club kid she called "Taka-kun".』
なんでよりによって、あんなのと莉乃ちゃんが…。見る目がなさすぎる。=Why a guy like him, of all people... She really has no eye for men at all.
『うーん…ごめんね。また部活の日と被ってて…』=『Nnn... sorry. It's overlapping with my club's stuff again...』
『いいよいいよ、リノもまだ忙しいもんな。な！』=『It's fine, it's fine. I know you're busy, it's fine!』
『も…もう！急に頭撫でないでよ。子どもじゃないんだし…』=『J... Jeez! Don't rub my head like that, I'm not a kid...』
『照れて真っ赤になってるリノ可愛いー』=『But you are super adorable when you go red like that~』
『んもう…。誰かに見られたら、こ、困るし…』=『Jeez... What if someone s-sees me like this...』
『俺らが付き合ってんの、知ってるやつはもう知ってるだろ？』=『What's it matter? Everyone more or less already knows that we're going out, no?』
『で、でも…』=『B-But...』
『まだ知らねーやつがいたら、見せつけてやろうぜ』=『And if there's still people who don't, let's just show it off to them.』
男の手が、撫でていた頭から肩へとつかず離れずといった動きで下りていき、莉乃ちゃんを抱き寄せようと力がこもったのがわかる。=His hand went down from the head he was rubbing to her shoulders in a single motion without letting go, and it was easy to see that he put some power behind pulling her even closer.
『っ…あ、ちょっと、、』=『--... Ah, hey...』
莉乃ちゃんはわずかに身をよじり、やんわり避けようとしているのが見えた。=She twisted her body slightly, and I could see her trying to avoid it.
あの男はそれが全く分かっていないような態度でどんどん距離を詰めている。=But the man kept pulling her closer anyway, as if not seeing that at all.
『なぁ、キスしよ』=『Hey, let's kiss.』
『やっ、だから、誰かに見られたら…』=『Wh--, I told you, if someone sees us here...』
『…っても、俺らまだキスもしてないんだぜ？』=『...You say that, but we still ain't kissed even once, you know?』
『だから、…まだっていうか、そういうのは、なんていうか…その、こういう場所じゃなくって…』=『I told you... not yet, or really, how do I... erhm, I don't want it in a place like this...』
『リノ、そういう真面目なとこあって…やっぱすげー可愛い！！』=『Rino, that serious side of you... it really is just straight adorable!!』
『わっ…』=『Wah--...』
クソガキが莉乃ちゃんに思いっきり抱き着いた。その瞬間、苛立ちが黒く陰湿な気持ちに変わる。=The son of a bitch suddenly hugged her, with all his might. And at that moment, my irritation turned into a darker, more sinister feeling.
『っん、ちょっと抱き着かないで。流石に…っ、ダメ…だってば…』=『Nn, don't hug me like that. I... told you... I...』
『リノ、シャワー浴びた後？めっちゃいい匂いする…』=『Rino, did you just take a shower? You smell super good...』
『っ…、っ…んもぅ………ちょ、ちょっと…そ、そろそろ離してよ、ホントダメだって』=『--!... --!.... Jeez... H-Hey... l-let go already, I really can't.』
『そんなジタバタすんなよ。俺のこと好きだろ？逃げんなよ』=『Don't make a fuss like that. You love me, no? So don't try to run.』
『っは…ヤっ…だからっ、まだ…っ』=『--Hah... no--... I told you--, not yet--...』
男の手が莉乃ちゃんの胸にしっかりと当てられ、揉み上げるように動く。=His hands were now firmly on her chest, squeezing and rubbing it.
『や…んっ……っは……ぅ、ん…』=『No... nn--... haah... uu, nnn....』
『まだもなにもさ、息あがってんじゃん』=『You're saying all that, but your breathing's getting hot too.』
『ち、ちがっ…これ、そのっ…タカ君、ほんと…っ違うの…』=『N-No--... this is, uhm--... Taka-kun, I seriously... can't...』
『違わねーって、俺もリノのこと好きだしさ…。ほら…』=『Nope, you can. I love you too, Rino... Look...』
莉乃ちゃんの両脚の間に、男の脚が入って迫っている。=He was pushing up his own leg right between hers.
『はぁ、っ…はぁっ…それ…ダメ…っ』=『Haah--... haah--... I told you... stop...--』
『リノ、マジ好き…』=『Rino, I seriously love you...』
『お願い…っは…ど、どけて…あの、た、タカ君の…あ…当たってるから…っダメなの…。やだ…』=『Please... hah... p-pull it back... Uhm, y-your uhm... is... is poking into me... so I can't... I don't...』
じっとしたままの男と、”モノが当たる”と言いながら拒否しているのかなんなのか…動かない莉乃ちゃん。=He didn't move an inch, and Rino-chan kept saying things like "it's poking into me" without clearly telling him off... or pushing him away herself.
俺がいるのを知らないとはいえ、こんなところで…。=Even if they don't know I'm here, doing it in public like this is a bit...
『…リノ、俺、やっぱもう我慢できない。ここじゃなくて…人目につかない、場所知ってるから』=『...Rino, I really can't take it anymore. It doesn't have to be here... I know a more hidden away place.』
『や、っ、ダ、ダメ…っ、そういうのっホント…んあ…っぁ、っは…』=『No--... N-No... --! ...I really can't... nnah... ah, hah....』
『莉乃だって喘いでんじゃん…。もうちょっとさせて…。それから移動するから…』=『You're panting too, Rino... Let me do it here a bit more... then we can move...』
『違っ、…喘ぐとか…してないっ…。その…まだダメだから…タカ君、本当にお願い、やめて』=『No--... I'm not... panting... Erhm... I really can't yet... so please, Taka-kun, stop it.』
『気持ちよくするし、痛くしないからさ…』=『I'll make sure it doesn't hurt, I'll make you feel really good too...』
竦んだようになっている莉乃ちゃんのスカートの下…股間に手を伸ばした。=As she quivered, paralyzed, he reached into her skirt and... went for her crotch.
『やっ…っもう…っ…やめ、ほんと…や…』=『No--... stop... seriously, I mean it... no...』
『大丈夫だから…』=『It's fine...』
『本当にやめてってば！！！』=『STOP IT ALREADY!!』
飛び出て行こうかと思った時、莉乃ちゃんが襲い掛かろうとする相手を両手で突き飛ばした。=Just as I thought he was going to pull his own out, Rino-chan pushed away the man inches away from assaulting her.
相手はよろめいて、尻餅こそつかなかったものの不快そうに顔を歪めている。=He stumbled, and though he didn't fall on his ass, his expression looked like he did.
『っ…んだよ…痛ってぇ……。…突き飛ばすことねぇじゃん！』=『...The hell... that hurts... what are you pushing me away for!?』
『はぁっはぁ…ずっと…っはぁ…私、ずっとやめてっていってるじゃん！』=『Haah--, haah... I kept... haah... I kept telling you, to stop for so long!』
『わ、私…タカ君のこと好きだけど、はーっはー…そういうこと、…っ、まだしたくないの！』=『I-I... I love you, I do but, haah, haah... I still don't... want to, do that yet!』
『マジお前さぁ…。ずーっとまだ、まだ、まだ…って…』=『You know, you... you always keep saying "not yet", "not yet", not fucking yet...』
さっきまで笑い合いもつれ合っていたとは思えないほど、険悪な空気が流れている。=The mood was so tense, it was hard to believe that they were just laughing and giggling snuggled up to each other until moments ago.』
『っ…はぁっ……もういい。マジない。…俺帰るわ』=『... haah--... I can't anymore. Seriously, it's too much. ...I'm going home.』
『はぁ？！ちょ、ちょっと！それで帰るってひどくない？』=『Haah?! H-Hey! Isn't that just mean?! Are you really just walking away like that?』
莉乃ちゃんは怒りなのかショックなのか顔を真っ赤にしている。=Her face was read, though I couldn't tell whether it was from anger or shock.
それでも相手のクソガキ男は、莉乃ちゃんを無言で一瞥して、俺が隠れている方向へ歩いて去ろうとする。=But still, the dipshit brat only glared back at her, before walking away straight where I was hiding.
『………最ッッ低！』=『....So awful!』
…吐き捨てている様子を隠れ見ながらも、俺には莉乃ちゃんが男に対して蕩けたのがはっきり分かった。=...Even as I watched her spit those words out, I could tell that her heart had already melted for that kid long ago.
今までは目の保養で体を視姦する程度に済ませていたが…=Until now, I made do with only leering at her for my own viewing pleasure but...
この光景を目の当たりにし、莉乃ちゃんを独占したいというドス黒い欲望が股間を硬くした。=Seeing a scene like this only made my cock rock hard, with a desire to monopolize her.
莉乃ちゃんを…あの体を、あんなクソガキ男に渡すものか。=Like hell I'd give her up... her body up, to that dipshit.
あれは俺のものなんだ。=It's mine. She's mine.
絶対にあんなガキに渡すものか。=Like hell I'd let him have her.
渦巻く感情を抱えて、俺もその場からそっと立ち去った。=With swirling emotions, I left the place too.
『…はぁ……』=『...Haah...』
『…もうホント、最悪…最低…』=『... Seriously, just the... worst...』
『本当に最悪で最低な…………私。』=『I seriously am... the worst.』
『はあ………』=『Haah...』
『…私、タカ君に抱きしめられた時…すごくドキドキ…どころじゃない、欲情してた。』=『...When he hugged me, my heart... really pounded... no, I was aroused.』
『タカ君がいう、可愛いとか…そんなんじゃない。隣にいた時から…期待してた。』=『And not from when he... called me cute and stuff. No, I'd been wanting it... since he got near me.』
『タカ君の…男の人の匂いを嗅いだらムラムラしてきて…。』=『When I smelled his scent... his manly scent, it made me horny...』
『それに目を見返したら、無邪気に笑ってた目が、すごくギラギラしてて…。』=『And when I looked at him, his smiling, innocent eyes were glittering so bright...』
『それでふと、新しく着任したあの気持ち悪い用務員の、おじさんの視線を思い出して…ゾクゾクしちゃって…。』=『And that made me remember that disgusting new custodian's, that uncle's gaze... and it made my body throb...』
『そのまま…頭撫でられて、くすぐったくて…気持ちよくて……気持ちよくなれそうで……。』=『And then he... stroked my head, it tickled so much... it felt so good... it felt like I was going to org...』
『キスしよって言われてから…しかも…体が密着したら太ももに、ズボン越しのタカ君のが…当たってて…。』=『And then he said he wanted to kiss me... and he even... squeezed me tight and, rubbed his thing... against me...』
『………欲しいって思っちゃったんだ。』=『...and I wanted it so bad.』
『ふざけたフリして冷静を装おうとしてたのに、息が上がっちゃってて。』=『I tried to play it off by acting silly and stuff but, I really was out of breath.』
『喘いでるのも…バレてたし…。もう…最悪…。』=『And he could... tell so easily... I'm... just the worst...』
『なのに、力いっぱい突き飛ばしたりなんかして…。』=『And yet I pushed him away like that at the end...』
『本当は、人目につかない場所どころか、あの場でシてもいいなんて思っちゃって……。そしたら…。』=『Honestly, I really didn't care if he just did me right then and there... and when I thought about that...』
『私、どんどん濡れ始めてるのが分かって…。あのまま、手が入ってきてたら絶対まずかった…。』=『I could tell I was getting really wet... if I let him put his hand in there, he would have definitely...』
『だから、ああするしかなかった…。』=『So I didn't have a choice at all....』
『…はぁ…はぁ…はぁ…』=『... Haah... Haah... Haah...』
『でも、欲しかったの…。思い出してる今も…ゾクゾクしてる。シて欲しかった…。シたい、したかった…。』=『But, I really wanted it... Even just thinking about it... is making me throb. I wanted him to do me... I want to, I wanted to do it so bad...』
『あの程度さえ誤魔化せないんだから、あれ以上されたらタカ君にいやらしい女だってバレないわけがない。』=『I couldn't hide even that much from him, so if he went any further, he would have figured out just what sort of a whore I am.』
『私だって…したい。キスだけじゃなくて…シたい。』=『It's not like I... don't want it. Screw kissing... I want to do it.』
『キスなんかよりもっと過激なことを、大好きなタカ君といっぱい…。』=『Something way more extreme than kissing, with my Taka-kun...』
『いっぱい…シたいの……。』=『I want to... do it so bad, do it so much...』
『ん…っはぁはぁ…っ落ち着け、落ち着け、私……っ』=『Nn... haahaah... calm down, calm down, Rino...--!』
『余計に興奮してる。だから…だからダメなの。絶対ダメなんだよ。』=『I'm way too aroused. That's why... that's why I can't. I definitely can't.』
『私だからダメなんだ…。』=『"I" can't....』
『私が…こんな体だってこと…。可愛くなんか全然ない。ただ、淫らで、貪欲で……。』=『Because my... body's like this... I'm not cute at all. I'm just a, slutty, whore...』
『タカ君と…付き合う前から既にそんな体になってること…。……絶対に知られたくない。』=『I don't... want him to know that my body's been like this... from even before we started dating.』
『まだ、まだ今は…タカ君が思ってるような女の子だって思われていたい…。』=『For now, for just a bit longer... I want him to keep thinking of me, as the pure girl he thinks I am...』
『痛くしないとか…気持ちよくするとか…。…痛くないし、気持ちいいのも…私、知ってるんだよ…。』=『"I'll make sure it doesn't hurt"?... "I'll make you feel really good"?... It won't hurt, and I already know... that it feels really good...』
『全部知ってるの。タカ君が想像すらしないようなことまで全部……経験して、知ってる。』=『I know it all. I've experienced way more insane stuff... than he could ever think of.』
『だから、私がタカ君の思ってるような女の子じゃないって何が何でも、絶対に知られたくない。』=『So no matter what happens, I don't want him to find out, that I'm not the sort of girl he thinks I am.』
『やめて』=『Stop it.』
『…やめてってっば！！』=『...Stop it!!』
『やめてよっ！』=『Stop it--!』
『おじさん、どいてよぉ！』=『Get off me, uncle!』
『…なんでこんなことするの！やだっ！』=『...Why are you doing this! I don't like this--!』
『どいて！どいてって！！…はぁっはぁっ』=『Let me go! Let me gooo!! ...Haah--, haah--』
『おじさんは莉乃ちゃんと一緒に気持ちよくなりたいんだよ』=『Uncle just wants to feel good with you, Rino-chan.』
『やだ！私はなりたくない！何もしたくないってば！離して！！んっ、ひゃっ…いやっ！！』=『No! I don't want to! I don't want to do any of this! Let me go!! Nn--, hyah--... no--!!』
『ほら…擦ったら、おじさんのチンポ汁でクチュクチュいってるね。いやらしいなあ…』=『Look... when I rub it, the noises it makes from my dick juice rubbing into it are so obscene....』
『やだ、いや！！おじさん、離してって！いや！！』=『No, stop it!! Let me go, uncle! No!!』
『ちょっとだけじっとして我慢しようねぇ…。すぐに気持ちよくなるから大丈夫だよ』=『Let's just stay still and endure it a bit, okay?.... It'll feel good in no time, so don't worry.』
『やだ、怖いってば！…動けなっ…気持ち悪いぃっ』=『No, I'm scared!... I can't mov--... It feels so disgusting--』
『大丈夫、ゆっくりするからねぇ』=『Don't worry, I'll go slow.』
『ぃっ…っく、っ…ぃ、痛い、変なことしないでよっ。やめてっやめてっ！』=『Ii... kuh--... I-It hurts, don't do this--. Stop--! Stop it--!』
『あー…広げてても莉乃ちゃんのおマンコ、膣肉がぴっちり閉じてて……ゆっくり…ぁあ…入る…』=『Aah... even when I spread it apart, your folds just refuse to open up... let me... aah... put it in slowly...』
『痛いっ、痛いっ！やだあ！！痛いよ！！裂けちゃうっ！』=『It hurts--, it hurts--! Stop it!! It hurts!! You'll rip me apart--!』
『っき、ゃぁあああ"ぁ"っ！！』=『Kkyyaaaaaggh--!!』
『ああ…莉乃ちゃん…いい子だね、すごく気持ちいいよ』=『Aaah... Rino-chan... you're such a good girl, it feels fantastic.』
『あっ…ああ…、うぐ…ひくっ…痛いぃ、動かさないで…。ひっく、ひっく…』=『Ah--... aaah... uguh... hic--, it hurtsss, don't move it inside... hic, hic...』
『キツキツで…莉乃ちゃんすごいよ…』=『It's so tight... you're amazing, Rino-chan...』
『ひっくひっく…痛いぃ…やめてえ"…』=『Hiik, hiik... it hurts... stop ittt....』
『大丈夫、大丈夫…。莉乃ちゃんは大丈夫だよ…』=『Don't worry, relax... you're alright, Rino-chan....』
『大丈夫じゃっ…なぃ…っ…っ…あっ…』=『I'm not al--...ri...--! ....ah--....』
『…いい子、いい子…。これはおじさんと莉乃ちゃんだけの秘密だからね』=『...Good girl, good girl... This'll be a secret just between the two of us, okay?』
『はー…っぁ、あ…っ…あ…あ"…っく…っぁ…』=『Haah... ah, ah...--... aah... agh.... kuh... ah...』
『言わないでいたら気持ちよくしてあげるから…。もし誰かに言ったらもっと痛くしちゃうよ…？』=『If you don't tell anyone, I'll make you feel amazing... and if you do, I'll make it hurt more, you know...?』
『やらっ…う"あっ…壊れぅっ、ひぐっ、あ"…あ"ーっ…』=『No--... uwagh--... I'll brea--, kkguh--, agh.... aaagh--...』
『よしよし、勿論秘密にするよね。すぐに気持ちよくなるようにしてあげるからね…』=『There there. You'll of course keep it a secret, right? I'll make you feel amazing in no time, just wait...』
『あ"ーっ、あっ、あ"ー…っ』=『Agh--, agh--, aaagh--...』
----数日後----=--A few days later--
『はぁ…はぁ…っぁ、っあ…っあ…あん』=『Haah... haah... ah, ah... ah... aahn』
『どうだい…？莉乃ちゃん』=『How is it, Rino-chan...?』
『はぁっ…あ、おじさん、私、どんどん変になっちゃう…。あっあっ…』=『Haah--... ah, uncle, I feel, weirder and weirder... ah--, ah--...』
『上側を擦られるのが好きなんだねえ』=『You like it when I grind the upper side, huh?』
『ぅん、そこ…変になっちゃうの…。ぁう！んあっ…』=『Nn, that spot's... making me feel all weird... Aau! Nnah--...』
『変、じゃないだろう。ちゃんと気持ちいいって言ってごらん』=『Now now, it's not "weird". Try saying that it feels good.』
『はぁ、あっあっ…気持ち、いい…』=『Haah, ah--, ah--... it feels, good...』
『そうそう、おじさんも莉乃ちゃんのおマンコで気持ちいいよ』=『Good girl. Your pussy feels great to be in too, Rino-chan.』
『チンポを舐めるのも上手になってきたし、今日もいっぱい練習しようね、ほらっ…』=『You're starting to get great at licking it too, so let's practice this lots today too, okay? C'mon--...』
『おじさん、…は、恥ずかしい…。あっ、んっ…』=『Uncle... I-I'm so, embarrassed... ah--, nn--...』
『大丈夫だよ。ほら、どう言うのか教えてあげたでしょ？…言って』=『It's alright. C'mon, I told you what to say at times like this, right? ...Say it.』
『あん、あっ、んん…お…おチンポ気持ちいい、の…。んっ…、んあっ』=『Ahn, ah--, nnn... y... your cock feels, great... nn--... nnah--』
『そうそう。もっと聞きたいなぁ。そうしたら莉乃ちゃんの一番好きな”イク”を練習をさせてあげるよ』=『Good girl. I want to hear that more~. I wouldn't mind letting you practice the "cumming" you love so much all day if you say it more, you know.』
『言うっ…。おマンコ、気持ちいい。あっああっ…んっ…したい、”イク”練習させてっ…』=『Okay... My pussy, feels great. Ah--, aaah--... nn--... I want to, do it. Let me practice, "cumming"--...』
『本当にいい子だなあ。ああ、莉乃ちゃんのおマンコは使い込んでも、狭くてよく締まるねえ…。痛くないかい？』=『You really are such a good girl. Aah, no matter how much I use your pussy, it never gets any looser... Does it hurt still?』
『ぅん、んんっ気持ちいいの、もう全然痛くないのぉ…。ぁん』=『Nnn, nnn--, it feels great, it doesn't hurt at all anymore.... Aahn』
『ふふ、言った通りだろう？もっとしてあげようね』=『Fufuh, see? I told you. Let's do it a lot more, okay?』
『う、あっ！！…おじさん、そこ、すごいっ…！きゅぅってゃん、ぁあっ、ああっ…！』=『Uu, ah--!! ...Uncle, it feels great, there--...! Kkyuuttyaahn, aah--, aah--...!』
----更に数日後----=----A few days later still----
『っは、っはっは、ん、あっあっ、おじさっ…んっ…すごくいいっ、おマンコいいのっ…はひっ』=『Hah, hah--, haah, nn, ah--, ah--, uncle--... nn--... it feels amazing--, my pussy feels amazing--... hahiih--』
『使うほどにおじさん好みのおマンコになる莉乃ちゃんとっても可愛いよ』=『It's adorable how your pussy turns more to my liking the more I use it, Rino-chan.』
『あっあっ、エッチな音してる。これ好き、もっとしてっ。んあ、ぁあっ、はふっ、ん…ああっ』=『Ah--, ah--, the lewd sounds, I love them. Make more of them--. Nnah, aah--, hafuh--, nn... aaah--』
『あー…莉乃ちゃんのおマンコがおじさんのチンポにしがみついてきてるよ』=『Aah... your pussy's really clinging to my cock, Rino-chan.』
『おじさんっ、おじさんっ、おマンコいいのっ。すごく好きなの。あっあっああ…もっと、もっと…！』=『Uncle--, uncle--, my pussy feels great--. I love this. Ah--, ah--, aaah... more, more...!』
『そうだね、おじさんも莉乃ちゃんと秘密のエッチするのすごく好きだよ』=『Yeah, uncle loves having these secret sex sessions with you lots too, Rino-chan.』
『なんでもするからっ。秘密なこと、いっぱい…なんでもするから…』=『I'll do anything--. Lots of, secret stuff... anything you want so...』
『イきたいのっ、おチンポでおマンコイきたいのおっ！』=『I want to cum--, I want to cum from your dick, uncle--!』
『ぁあ…搾ってくる…動かしにくいぐらいだ！』=『Aah... you're squeezing down so hard... it's almost hard to move!』
『ごめんなひゃぃ、勝手にきゅってなっちゃっ…ぅ…。あっあっ、もっとしてっ…！』=『I'm shorryy, I can't help it--...tt... Ah--, aah--, do it more--...!』
『おチンポ、ズボズボ大好きなのっ。もっとおマンコにズボズボ、リノをエッチにしてっ』=『I love it when you, grind it against me--. Grind it more, make me lewder--』
『上手におねだりできるようになったねえ。おじさんのチンポがそんなに気持ちいいかい？』=『You've really learned how to beg now. Does uncle's cock really feel that good?』
『うん！…ひあっ、すごい気持ちいいのぉっ！』=『Yeah! ...Hyah--, it feels amazhing--!』
『はぁはぁ、おじさんが思ってた以上の淫乱ビッチになっちゃったねえ』=『Haahaah, you've become a much sluttier bitch than I ever thought you would, Rino-chan.』
『あ"っあ"っ…おじさんが毎日エッチするからだよぉ。はぁはぁ、いっぱい頂戴っ、奥でビューってしてえっ』=『Agh--, agh--... it's because you do it to me everyday, uncle. Haah, haah, give me lots--, pump me full of ittt--』
『はは、これ以上激しく動いたら、壊れちゃうかもしれないよ？』=『Ahahah, if I move any harder, you really might break, you know?』
『いいのぉ！、あああっ、壊してっ、おじさんのっ…好きに壊ひてぇっ！』=『I don't care! Aaah--, break me--, break me however--... you want, uncle--!』
『仕方ないなぁ…そらっ』=『So be it then... there--』
『んっ、あっ、あっ、イクっ…イクイク…すごいのっ！あっあっあああっ…ああああっ！！！』=『Nn--, ah--, ah--, cumming--... cumming cumming... a huge one--! Ah--, agh--, aaaah--... aaaaaah--!!!!』
『イッ…くぅうーーーっっ！！！！』=『Cu--... minnnnngggg---!!!』
目が覚めると、部屋がほんの僅かに明かるい気がする。…夜明け前だろうか。=When I woke up, the room felt barely lit at all. ...It was still that early, huh?
本当に久しぶりに、この夢を見た。=It really had been a while since I last saw that dream.
あれは…乙羽ちゃんがよその町に越してからのことだ。それまでも、スキンシップと見せかけて…=That was... from after Otoha-chan had already moved away. Even before that, pretending that it was just 'skinship'...
何かにつけて、嫌がられないように２人の体に触れ、自分の女が出来たことのない虚しさを慰めていた。=I found excuses to touch them, in ways that wouldn't bother them, in a bid to fill up the emptiness I felt at never having had a girl of my own.
乙羽ちゃんの引っ越し後も、莉乃ちゃんと交流があった俺は、ちょっとしたきっかけから彼女に手を出した。=And even after Otoha-chan moved away, having kept in contact with Rino-chan, I ended up with an opportunity to push her down.
そういう趣味だからという訳ではない。=It wasn't that I was a rape fetishist or anything.
単に、俺を蔑んだりキツく当たらず、金銭のやり取りなしに向こうから近寄ってきてくれる”女”だったというだけだ。=It was just that she wasn't someone who looked down on me or bitched at me, and not one of the random gold diggers off the street either.
懇意にしていたのを利用して、どうにか莉乃ちゃんを性的に手懐けることに成功した。=Abusing our close relationship, I somehow managed to sexually tame her into being my girl.
最初は嫌がっていたものの……あとは、さっきの見た夢の通り、秘密裏に事が進んだ。=She hated it at first, of course... but over time, just like in the dream, things progressed in secret between us.
といっても、そんな関係も俺が仕事でこの町を出ていくまでのことだった。=Of course, that only lasted up until I had to leave this town due to those jobs.
そして、乙羽ちゃんとほぼ同時に再会した莉乃ちゃんは…蕩けて懐いていた頃が嘘のようによそよそしい。=And when I met her again around the same time as Otoha-chan... she was icy cold, to the point it was hard to believe she was ever putty in my hands.
小さくため息が出た。=I let out a small sigh.
夜明け前の短い間だけは、部屋もひんやりとしていて、とても静かだ。=It was only during these hours before dawn, that the room was cool, and ever so quiet.
静かな分、あの艶っぽく甲高い声がまだ耳の奥で反響し続けている気がする。=So quiet that it felt like I could almost still her those seductive, high pitched moans of hers.
朝立ちにしては痛いほどに勃起しているのが分かった。=It was then I noticed that I had a painfully hard morning erection.
徐々に目が覚めていく。思い出すのは、今の莉乃ちゃんの態度と…彼氏らしいあのクソガキ男のこと。=Slowly, I woke up. What my mind went to now, was her current attitude towards me... and that dipshit of a boyfriend of hers.
莉乃ちゃんがどんな”女”かも知らない、キスすらしていない童貞がしゃしゃり出てくることに、腹が立つ。=I felt pissed that a virgin like him, who didn't even know what sort of a "woman" she was, hell, who hadn't even kissed her, dared to butt in.
むしゃくしゃした気持ちと、夢の興奮の余韻でガチガチになったイチモツに手を伸ばした。=I reached out for my rock hard member, which was erect from both my anger and the lingering arousal of the dream.
夢で見た以上に、俺の”女”として喘いでいた莉乃ちゃんを徹底的に汚すように、=And so I started rubbing, with Rino-chan moaning harder than ever as "my woman" in my mind,
劣情がおもむくまま、溜まったものを彼女の中に全部吐き出すつもりで擦り始める。=and with me defiling her however my instincts dictated, releasing all my pent up desires into her.
教師数人から次々に頼まれた雑事をどうにか済ませて、休憩している。=After finally somehow taking care of all the various chores piled upon me by one teacher after another, I finally got to take a breather.
夜明け前から莉乃ちゃんの夢をおかずに、空が白むまで散々オナニーしたせいか=Maybe it was because I rubbed it off again and again using that dream as fap material until the sun was properly up in the sky,
すでに気怠く、ちょっとした仕事でも面倒だ。=but I was already completely exhausted, and even the smallest task was starting to feel like a pain now.
２日ほど掃かなかっただけで、モップを振るうと埃が軽く舞いあがる。=I skipped just one day of sweeping this place, and dust was already flying from the slightest flick of the mop.
上級生が使う教室にある廊下は、夏休みでほぼ誰も使っていないはずなのにこの有様だ。=The hallway leading to the 3rd years' classes was already like this even though barely anyone had used it since summer started.
作業を始めると、休憩で引いていた汗もすぐに噴き出してくる。=As soon as I started working again, the sweat I barely managed to reel in during my break started flowing out again.
グラウンドから聞こえてくる、部活の遠い掛け声を耳にしながら無心で掃除をする。=I mindlessly cleaned the floor while listening to the club students calling out to each other on the ground outside.
暑い、だるい…。あまり考えないようにしないとイライラしてきてしまう。=So hot, I'm beat... I had to actively keep myself distracted, else I'd just get irritated.
生徒が１人もいない長い廊下は、余計に長く広く思える。=The hallway bereft of any students only felt longer and wider than it actually was.
もっとマシな仕事に就きたい。かといって、給料が極端に低いのも嫌だ。今の仕事が我慢の限界ラインだ。=Man, I want a better job. But I don't want to work more for less pay either. This job really was my bottom line.
…無心のつもりが、汗と共に不満も噴き出してきてしまう。袖口で汗を軽く拭った。=...I was trying to be mindless about it, but in the end my own irritations flowed out with the sweat. I lightly wiped it off my face with my sleeve.
『ちょっと、話があるんだけど』=『Hey, I've got something to talk about.』
突然響いた声に手を止める。よく知っている声だ。汗をもう一拭いして、振り返った。=I stopped at the sudden voice calling out to me. It was a voice I knew well. Wiping my sweat off again, I turned around.
『莉乃ちゃんか、どうしたんだい？』=『Rino-chan, huh? What's the matter?』
神妙な顔つきでこちらをじっと見ながら歩いてくる。=With an unassuming face, she walked towards me while looking straight at me.
『…仕事中みたいだけど、話したいことがあるから手を止めてもらえない？』=『...I see you're working but, I've got something to talk to you about, so could you stop what you're doing for a minute?』
『話？』=『Something to talk to me about?』
こっちは汗まみれだっていうのに、労いの言葉１つさえなく、ニコリともしないで俺の近くまで歩いてくる。=I was covered head to toe in sweat here, but forget any words of appreciation, she didn't even have a smile as she got closer.
可愛げはないものの、改めて見ると俺好みの体つきをしたいい女になっている。=Not cute at all but, looking at her again, she was a good woman, with the sort of body I liked.
運動で引き締まっている手足、それでも隠し切れない女特有の丸みを帯びた体の線。=Her limbs were toned from all the exercise, and her curvy bodyline couldn't be hidden.
この暑さで、薄っすらと汗ばんで張りのある肌。それらが自然とこちらの視線を艶めかしく誘う。=And in this heat, her skin looked almost firmly taut, and a bit sweaty. It all invited my gaze in, as if natural.
そんなズリネタが目の前に現れた。抜いてから大した時間も経っていないのに、また股間が熱くなる。=Such perfect wank material appeared before my eyes once again. Even though it hadn't been long since I last did it, I could feel my crotch raring up again.
『本当はこんなところで話したくないんだけど…』=『I really don't want to talk about this in a place like this but...』
『だったら、おじさんの部屋に来て話すかい？』=『Want to come over to my room to chat then?』
今朝の夢が頭に浮かんだまま、咄嗟に誘ってみる。夢で見たより時もたまらなくなっている。=With the dream from this morning still in my head, I immediately invited her. I was even more excited than I was in my dream.
俺に懐いていた頃は二つ返事でどこにでも付いてきた。時折、引き剥がすのに苦労したほどだ。=Back when she was attached to me, she'd go with me anywhere without a word. Honestly, I had a hard time getting her to leave sometimes.
『ううん。嫌。アンタと２人きりになるような場所には行きたくない』=『No. Not happening. I don't want to ever go somewhere where I'm alone with 'you' again.』
にべもなく、心底嫌そうに吐き捨てられた。しかも、おじさん呼びでもなくアンタときた。=She spat it out bluntly, as if disgusted. And what was more, she was calling me 'you' (anta) instead of uncle.
ちょっと離れていただけで、あれだけ懐いていた子がここまで憎たらしくなるものか…。=Just a bit of away time was all it took for her to go from being that attached to being this hateful, huh?...
散々よくしてやったのに、何を勘違いしているんだ。俺がどこまでお前という女を知ってると思ってるんだ。=Even though I'd been so good to her. Was she misunderstanding something? Does she think I don't know how her mind works?
『ちょっと。私が話そうとしてるのにぼーっとしないでよ。大事な話なんだから』=『Hey. I'm trying to talk to you here, so don't space out. It's important.』
内心、生意気さに舌打ちしながらも、平静を装う。=Inwardly, I clicked my tongue at her attitude, but I remained calm.
『…聞いてるよ。話してごらん』=『...I'm listening, so tell me.』
苛立ちを抑えながら、掃除道具を壁に立てかけた。=Suppressing my own irritation, I put the cleaning supplies against the wall.
『前、部活中に体育館に来て、ずっと部員とか…私の方見てたでしょ』=『The other day, you came to the gym during our club's practice and you stared at the others... and me, no?』
『のびのびと若い体で部活に励んでいて、何よりだよ。やっぱり若い子はいいねえ』=『It was a real sight to see growing girls like you doing your best. Young girls truly are something else.』
『っ…若い体とか、思っても口にしないでよ。…もう、そういうところがほんと嫌なの』=『--! ..."Growing girls", just keep that to yourself, will you? ...Seriously, that's what I hate so much about you.』
『実際、莉乃ちゃんは若いんだから』=『But you really are a growing girl though, Rino-chan.』
『そういう意味じゃなくって…』=『You know that's not what I mean...』
『はぁ…ともかくそういうセクハラめいた発言、やめて欲しいの』=『Haah... anyways, I want you to quit it with sexual harassment like that.』
表情は険しいが、汗で張り付きかけているシャツから薄っすら透けている肌や下着が俺の目を潤す。=Her face looked severe, but her skin and underwear visible through her sweat-soaked shirt was like rain in a drought.
『今も、すぐ部屋に誘おうとしたり…』=『Even now, you just tried to take me back to your room...』
『莉乃ちゃんがここで立ち話はしたくないって言ったから提案しただけだよ』=『You were the one who didn't want to talk out here. It was only a suggestion, Rino-chan, nothing more.』
『そう』=『That so?』
うっとおしそうに、流されるように短く返事をされると苛立ちが募る。=My irritation only grew at the ridiculous and curt manner she was replying in.
『ともかく、用務員なら体育館に来ることもあるだろうけどああやって見つめたりされたら目立つし…』=『Either way, as the custodian, you'll probably need to come to the gym sometimes but it'll really stand out if you stare at me like that...』
『じっと見つめてくるの、やめてもらえない？人目があったら尚更、嫌』=『So could you seriously not? Especially when there's people around. It's really creepy.』
抱いて、開発してやって…なのに俺がこの町を離れている間に男を作って、いっぱしのイイ女のつもりか？="Take me", "break me"... and then when I left town for a few days, you found yourself another man and think you're a bigshot now?
『人目がなかったら、いいのかい？莉乃ちゃんは見られると喜んでたからなぁ』=『So it's fine when there's nobody around? Then again, you did love me looking at you, didn't you?』
わざと吹っ掛ける。=I threw it out, on purpose.
『っ…！！だからそうじゃないってば！！それにもうそういう話は本当にやめて！』=『--....!! I told you, I don't and I never did!! And seriously, stop that!』
俺がニヤニヤしているのに気付いたのか、はっとして取り乱すのを自制したようだ。=She must have noticed my grin, as she got startled and tried to stop herself from getting upset.
…つまらない。こっちに頼みごとをするのであれば、多少は楽しませるなりなんなりするべきだろう。=...Boring. She oughta know that if she wants a favour, she's gotta entertain the other party a bit as well.
『変に思われたくないの。勘繰られたくないっていうか…』=『I don't want others to get weird ideas. They're going to suspect things and...』
『それは莉乃ちゃんが気にし過ぎているだけじゃないかなあ？』=『Isn't that you just being a bit too much of a worrywart, Rino-chan?』
『ううん。実際に、乙羽も、それに後輩も…アンタがいるとなんだか変だと思って怪しんでるから』=『No. Because both Otoha, and my other juniors... they notice something's off when you're around.』
乙羽ちゃんはさておき、確かにあのギャルみたいな後輩は勘が鋭かったな。=Otoha-chan aside, that Gal junior of hers really did have a sharp eye for it.
『だから、もう私を見かけても構ったりしないで』=『So even if you see me, don't pester me.』
『…む、昔は…関係があったけど…』=『...W-We... did have that sort a relationship back then but...』
『…昔って？』=『..."back then"?』
『っ…その、数年前、アンタがこの町を離れて遠くに仕事に行ってた時より…前の、こと』=『--!... A, uhm, a few years ago, before you left town for that job... back, then.』
『ああ。それより前って意味だね』=『Aah, so that's what you mean.』
威勢が目に見えて削がれている。見せかけの勢いだけで全然変わっていないじゃないか。=Her bite was visibly wilting away. Look at her, trying to pretend to be all grown up. In the end, she's the same as she was.
面白い。つついてやろう。=Interesting. Let's try poking her more.
『それで、関係っていうのは、どの関係のことかなあ？』=『So then, what relationship are you talking about, exactly?』
『黙ってるとわからないよ。どうしたの？』=『I won't understand if you clam up like that. What's wrong?』
『……別に、黙ってないし…』=『....I'm not, clamming up...』
早速、支離滅裂だ。もっと煽ればどんな反応を見せるだろう。=Look at her, already getting confused. Wonder what sort of face she'll show me if I fan her on.
『莉乃ちゃんとは色々あったからなぁ…。ちゃんと言ってくれないと、はっきりわからないなぁ』=『We did have a whole lot going, after all~... If you don't tell uncle clearly, how will I understand?』
彼氏が出来ようが、まだ手出しされていないのなら、実際は俺の女のままだ。=Even if she has a boyfriend now, if she hasn't let him make a move on her, then she's still my woman.
そのくせ、いきがって突っかかってくるからすぐに言いくるめられる。=And yet, look at her trying to put on airs and trying to rebel, only to fall apart like this.
それを実感させてやろう。=I'll have to make her understand.
『一緒によく楽しんだよねぇ。莉乃ちゃんの家で一緒に長[なが/1]ぁくお留守番したり…』=『We had a lot of fun times together, didn't we? Like when I took care of you at your home all of those days...』
『お父さんやお母さんがいる時に、部屋でこっそりしたこともあったっけ…。こっそりの割りには大きな声と音が出ちゃったっけなあ…』=『And whenever your parents were around, the way we hid away in your room... It was hard to keep the sounds from leaking out though...』
煽りながら、俺自身も思い出して興奮してきていた。=Though I was teasing her, I myself was starting to get aroused.
目の前で俺を睨みつけている女は、俺のチンポを咥えてよがりまくっていた、俺が抱いた女だ。=The girl that was glaring at me right now, was the same woman that loved sucking on my cock.
言葉を重ねるごとに、どんどん顔が赤くなっている。=The more I said, the redder her face got.
怒りで荒くなり始めている呼吸さえ煽情的だ。=Even the way she was huffing from anger was nothing but provocative.
『そうそう。莉乃ちゃんは欲張りで、家の外ででもいっぱいおじさんと……』=『Oh and yeah. You used to be so greedy for it, you'd beg and beg even when we were outside...』
『もう終わったことなの！！』=『It's all already in the past!!』
振り絞るような声が廊下に響いた。少し驚いてしまった。=She shouted out in the hallway, at the top of her voice. I was taken aback.
『…終わった、こと？』=『...In the past, huh?』
わざとゆっくり聞き返す。=I returned the words to her, in a slower tone.
『そう。終わったことなの。だから、もうあんなことは今後絶対、二度とない』=『Yes. It's in the past. So stuff like that will never happen again between us.』
呼吸を整えながら、こちらをじっと見つめている。=She glared at me as she caught her breath.
『それを…それを話しに来たの。ちゃんと言いたかったの』=『That's what... that's what I came here to talk about. I just wanted to make it clear.』
『へぇ。"あんなこと"かぁ…。どんなことかはっきり言って欲しいなぁ』=『Hoh, "stuff like that", huh... I'd like it if you could make it clear exactly what you mean.』
『私だって誰にも言ってないし、言うつもりはない。言わないから…今、みたいに…蒸し返さないで欲しい』=『I haven't said a word of it to anyone, and I don't plan to either. I won't so... don't, drag it back up... like you did just now.』
俺の言葉を無視して、むきになっている。昔のことを思い出しているに違いない。=She ignored my words, and was getting worked up. Those days must be flashing through her mind right now.
『絶対にないのかぁ…残念だなぁ。莉乃ちゃんはすごく魅力的な女なのに…。はあ、勿体ないなあ』=『No chance, huh?~... What a shame~. Even though you're such an attractive woman, Rino-chan... Haah, what a waste.』
『ふざけないで！』=『Don't make fun of me!』
『ふざけてないよ。実際にこうやって向かい合って莉乃ちゃんを見ていて、改めてそう思ったんだ』=『I'm not. Looking at you like this, I really did feel that way again.』
『私はもう嫌なの』=『Well I don't want this anymore.』
『どうして？』=『Why?』
『ど、どうしてって…当たり前じゃない。い、いけないことだし…』=『W-Why... isn't it obvious? I-It's wrong...』
『いけないことだって莉乃ちゃんはいうけど』=『You say that, Rino-chan,』
『おじさんが遠くに仕事が決まって町を出る時、一番激しく求めてきたこと、今も覚えてるよ』=『But when I was leaving town for that job, I still remember what you were crying out for.』
『やめてよ。蒸し返さないでっていってるじゃない。思い出したくないの！』=『Stop it. I told you not to drag it back up. I don't want to remember it!』
『おじさんはたまに思い出すよ。莉乃ちゃんが自分から跨って、腰を振って…』=『I remember it sometimes, you know? You pushed me down yourself, and shook your hips on top of me...』
『やめてって！』=『Stop it!』
『莉乃ちゃんから中に出してって…』=『And told me to cum inside you...』
『もういい加減にして！！』=『CUT IT OUT!!』
『…アンタなんかに教えたくないけど、私、今……付き合ってる人がいるの』=『...I really don't want to let you of all people know but, right now... I have a boyfriend.』
…予想していたが、本題はやはりこれか。ああ、本当に馬鹿馬鹿しい。=...I was expecting it but, so this was what she really came here for. Aah, so ridiculous.
『へぇ…男がいるのあ。莉乃ちゃんはエッチでどうしても男を惹き付けるからなぁ』=『Hoh... so you've got a man, huh? Makes sense, with how lewd you are, no man would be able to resist.』
また大声を出されるかと思ったが、こらえたようだ。=I thought she'd yell out again but, she managed to hold herself back.
『…本当に好きな人が出来てわかったの』=『...I only understood after I found someone I really loved.』
『昔、アンタを好きだって思ってたのは、ただの勘違いだってこと。あんなのは本当の好きなんかじゃない…』=『Back then, when I thought I loved you, I was just confused. That wasn't "love" at all...』
『だからもう本当にあんなことは絶対にないし、関わらないで欲しい。私を見かけても、話しかけないで』=『That's why, there really won't be anything like that between us. I want you to leave me alone. Even if you see me, don't talk to me.』
『…伝えたいことは伝えたから。それだけ』=『...That's all I had to say.』
言いたいことを吐ききったのか、俺に声を掛けた時の、トゲがありながらも、静かな面持ちに戻っている。=Having spat out everything she wanted to, she went back to having that sharp, calm expression she had when she first got here.
そうか、この女はこれで全部終わると思っているのか。やはりまだまだ……考えがあまりに幼い。=I see, so this woman really thinks that this is enough to end it, huh? She really is... way too immature.
体だけが無駄に、いや…男を誘惑するためだけにやらしく成長しただけじゃないか。=Only her body has grown so pointle... no, into such a slutty, men attractor of a shell.
躾けられたことを”体”が忘れるわけないだろう。=And does she think her body's forgotten all the training I gave it?
『っ、はははは』=『-- Ahahahahahaha』
『…何を笑ってるのよ？』=『...What are you laughing about?』
『自分で男を引っ掛けて、つかまえるまでに成長したんだねぇ』=『So you've grown so big that you can hook in and catch men yourself, huh~?』
笑いをこらえながら、わざと、ねっとりと目の前の女の体を視線で舐め回す。=Trying to hold back my laughter, I went out of my way to lick her all over with my eyes.
睨んでいても、子犬が威嚇しているようにしか感じない。=Even though she was glaring at me, it was nothing but the bark of a little puppy.
『じゃあ私、もう行くから』=『I'm gonna go then.』
俺の横をすり抜けようとする前に、そっと足を踏み出して、去ろうとする目の前に立ちはだかる。=But before she could slip past me, I slowly stepped forward, and blocked her way.
『莉乃ちゃんが言う、付き合っている人がいるのは前から知っているよ』=『I've known about that 'boyfriend' of yours for a while now, Rino-chan.』
『なんでアンタが知ってるのよ！』=『How the heck do you know? Why!』
『おじさんはここが職場なんだよ？…仕事上１日中、学校にいるんだ。莉乃ちゃんが襲われたあの日の夕方…』=『This is where uncle works, you know? ...I'm here all day all night. Even back when he assaulted you...』
『まさか…あ、あの時…覗いてたの？』=『No way... w-were you... peeping?』
『心外だなぁ。覗いてなんかいないよ。あそこは作業用具の小屋から回ると丸見えなんだよ』=『You wound me. I didn't even have to. That entire side's visible from next to the tool shed, you know?』
睨みつつもたじろぐ莉乃ちゃんに一歩詰め寄る。=Even as she flinched, I drew a step closer.
『莉乃ちゃんがその男と談笑しながら、互いに体をくっつけてただろう？』=『You were snuggling up to each other real close even as you chatted, weren't you?』
更にもう一歩。…莉乃ちゃんの息巻いている吐息が当たる。=And another. ....I could feel her hot, worked up breath.
『これぐらい近く…』=『About this close to each other...』
『ちょっと…』=『Hey...』
『おじさん、莉乃ちゃんはオスの匂いが好きだって、よぉく知ってるからねえ』=『Don't think uncle doesn't know, just how much you love the scent of a man~』
『…さ、叫ぶわよ？』=『...I-I'll scream, you know?』
凄んでみせているが、それすらそそっていることにこの女は気付いていない。=She tried to threaten me, but this woman was so stupid, she didn't realize that even that was arousing to me.
『タカ君だっけか…。莉乃ちゃんはきっとそいつ以上に興奮してたんじゃないのかな？』=『Was it "Taka-kun"?... I do wonder, weren't you more aroused than he himself was?』
男の名前を出すと、大声を出すつもりだったのか…開きかけた莉乃ちゃんの口がその形のまま固まった。=When I took his name, the mouth that she'd been opening to scream... hurriedly close down, as she froze up.
『それに…叫ぶより、あの時したみたいに、おじさんを突き飛ばしたらどうだい？』=『And really... rather than screaming, why don't you just try to push me away instead? Like you did with him?』
『可哀想だなあ。そのタカ君という彼氏とやらも』=『What a poor guy, really.』
『なっ、っ…』=『Wha--....』
『清純さから突き飛ばされたと思い込んでる彼女が、実はもう別の男に散々股を開いていて…』=『The girl he thinks pushed him away because of her innocence, had actually already spread her legs wide for another man...』
腰を撫でるように手をやる。=I moved my hand, as if trying to stroke her waist.
『やっ、触らないで！』=『N-No! Don't touch me!』
突き飛ばせばいいのに…。この子は本当に変わらない。…変われないんだ。体がもうその先を覚えているから。=Even though she could just push me away... But this girl hadn't changed a bit. ...She couldn't. Because her body already knows what's next.
『チンポを咥え込んで、中出しされて、悦んで、絶頂しまくっていたなんて想像自体できないだろうねえ』=『I bet he can't even imagine the sight of you sucking on a cock, getting creampied and loving it, and going crazy orgasming.』
腰から股間へ、焦らすように撫でまわしながらパンツをずらすように指を這わせる。=From her hips to her crotch, I traced my fingers down her panties to tantalize her.
『や、やだっ…ゃっ…』=『N-No--... no--...』
…突き飛ばせないように俺が仕込んだんだ。快感を予期すれば、どうであろうと俺に従順になるように。=...She can't push me away, because I trained her not to. To obey me no matter what, if there's pleasure to be had.
『あの時も内心、欲情していて怖くなったんだろう？』=『Even back then, you weren't scared at all, but rather just aroused, no?』
『違う、やめてっ！』=『No, I wasn't, stop it--!』
『何が違うのかな？彼氏には晒せなくても、莉乃ちゃんの本性を知っている俺にはそんな言葉通用しないよ？』=『Hoh, that so? Even if you can hide it from your boyfriend, those words won't work on me, you know? I know what you're really like.』
『はぁっ はぁっ…違うの』=『Haah--, haah--... you're wrong.』
『違う違うって口では否定しても…』=『Even if you keep denying it with your mouth...』
『呼吸を荒げて、触って欲しくてたまらなくなってるんじゃないかな？』=『Just look at you, panting so hard. Aren't you just dying for it?』
よく知っているメスの匂いがする。やっぱり俺の女だ。どこをどう触れば、どんな感触がして=Her female scent was one I knew well. She was my woman in the end. I knew exactly which spots
どんな風によがるか、手に取るように分かる。=could make her squirm, could drown her in pleasure.
『そこ、手を放してっ！』=『Get your, hand off me--!』
『ああもう…すぐに濡れるのも変わってないねえ』=『Aah, jeez... you still get wet so easily.』
『わ、私が叫んだら、アンタなんて終わりなんだから…！』=『I-If I scream, it'll be over for you, you know...!』
『そうかい。おじさんが違う声で叫ばせてあげるよ』=『That so? Don't worry, uncle will make you scream out in a different way.』
『やめてっ！』=『Stop it--!』
『やめないよ。我慢してた分、おじさんが気持ちよくして楽にしてあげようね』=『I'm not going to. I know you had to wait a lot, but don't worry, uncle will make you feel all better now.』
『ぁうっ…んんぅっ…！！！』=『Aaauu--... nnnn--...!!!』
待っていたと思えるほど、狂おしそうに膣肉が指に吸い付きながらねっとり絡みつく。=Her folds were clinging to me so tightly and crazily, it was enough to make you think she was waiting for it all this time.
『指先を当てただけで勝手に奥まで飲み込む、いやらしいおマンコのままだね』=『And your pussy's as slutty as ever, swallowing my fingers up even though I barely touched it.』
『やっ、っ…ぁ、あっ…ぁっ…っは…』=『No--... ah, aah--... ah--... haah...』
『こんなになって…話してる時から濡らしてたのかぁ。流石莉乃ちゃんだなぁ』=『Look at you... were you already wet the moment we started talking? That's my Rino-chan for you~』
『久しぶりのおじさんの指は気持ちいいかい？おいしそうに咥えているねぇ…』=『Do uncle's fingers feel good? You're just gobbling them up...』
『んあっ、う、動かさないっ…でっ…ぁっ…』=『Nnah--, d-don't move--.... them--... ah--...』
『ほら、嬉しそうに”おいしい”ってエッチな音で返事してるよ？…年頃の娘の良い肉壺だ』=『Look, your pussy's squealing out in happiness, see? ...What a wonderful and ripe pussy it is.』
『アンタっ…が、う、動かすっ…から…！やめ…んあっ…』=『It's becau--... see, y-you're movin... gg it in...! Sto... nnah--...』
『嘘はよくないなぁ。莉乃ちゃんのおマンコが勝手に吸い付いて、ヒクヒクしてるから慰めてあげてるんだ』=『Good kids don't lie, Rino-chan. It's because your pussy's twitching and clinging so hard to me, that I'm making it feel all better.』
『そんっ…なのっ、頼んでなっ…あっ、っああっ…はっあ、あ…あっ』=『I ne--... ver--, asked--... ah--, aah--... hah--, ah, ah... ah--』
『あんなに何度も大人チンポをズボズボしてたのに、変わらず締まりのいい、そそる肉穴だねえ』=『Even though I grinded it down so much with my adult cock, it's as tight as ever. What a tempting hole you've got.』
『あっあっ…やあ、違う、…違うのっ…っ』=『Ah--, ah--... no, I'm--... I'm not--...』
『うんうん、違う違う。莉乃ちゃんがスケベになるのはおじさんにだけだから、彼氏の前では違うんだよねえ』=『Yepyep, you're not. You only become such a slut in front of me, you're different when you're with your boyfriend, aren't you?』
『あっあっああっ…んあっ、そこ、ダメ…！…っぁ、っは…んあ、あっ…ゆ、指止めてぇっ…！！ああっ！！』=『Ah--, ah--, aaah--... nnah--, not, there...! ...Ah, hah.... nnah, ah--... s-stop moving them...!! Aah--!!』
『あーあー…お漏らしみたいなマン汁がもうこんなに…。…廊下を汚して、おじさんの仕事が増えるなぁ…』=『Aaah~... gushing out so much pussy juice, it's like you're peeing... now I'll have to clean it up...』
『あ、アンタが動か、すっ…からっ、や、んっんんっ…イヤっ…、あっ、はぁっはぁ…っぁ、あっ』=『Y-You're the one, mov--... ing your--, no--, nnnn--... no--... ah--, haah--, haah... ah, ah--』
『淫水お漏らしの跡はちゃんと掃除しておいてあげるからね。こんなところで盛大におマンコを掻き混ぜられて…』=『I'll clean up all the love juice you drip out though, don't worry. Imagine if people found out that you were getting...』
『気持ちよくなってるのが誰かに…そうだな、特にタカ君にバレたらまずいもんねえ』=『your pussy churned up in a place like this, and enjoying it... especially Taka-kun. We wouldn't want that, now would we?』
『あっ、あっ…んあっ…！！ぉ、お願いっやめてっ…！ダメなのっ、あっ…んっ…ほんとっ…ダメっ…』=『Ah--, ah--... nnah--...!! P-Please--, stop--...! I can't--, ah--... nn--... I really--... can't--....』
『莉乃ちゃんが擦られたら弱い場所もおじさんは覚えてるよ、…確かここだったねえ』=『I remember the weak spot you loved getting rubbed too. ...It was around here, wasn't it?』
『んひっ！やっ、っダメ…そこダメっ…ほんと…っ、あ、っは、ああっ…んあっ、あっあっ』=『Nnhiih--! No--, sto... not there--... seriously...ah--, hah--... aah--... nnah--, ah--, ah--』
『俺がいない間、この淫乱マンコを散々、自分でほじって慰めていたんだろうけど…』=『I'm sure you probably dug out your slutty pussy a whole lot while I was away but...』
『大人の男の指の感覚には程遠いだろうから、スケベな莉乃ちゃんは満足できなかったろう？』=『Bet it felt nothing like the sensation of my adult fingers, so you must have been super unsatisfied, no?』
『っはっ、あっ、っぁ…そ、そんなことしてなっ…んあっ、あうっああっ…んくっ…はぁ、あっ…』=『Hah--, ah--, ah... I-I did not do--... nnah--, au--, aah--... nnkuh--... haah, ah--...』
『嘘なんかつかなくていいんだ。ほら、大好きだったこの手マン、今もいっぱい味わっていいんだよ』=『You don't need to lie. C'mon, feel free to savour the fingers you used to love so much.』
『っく…やだっ…んあっ…あうっ、っく…あ、っは…んん…はぁ、あっ、あっ…あっあっあっ』=『Kuh... I don't want to--... nnah--.... auu--, kuh.... ah, hah--... nn... haah, ah--, ah--... ah--, ah--, ah--』
『やっぱりここを擦るといつもいい声で鳴くねえ…』=『You really do cry out in the sweetest way possible when I rub you there...』
『やめっ、イく…！ダメ…っっふ…はあっ…あっ…んっ…ふーっふー…やっ…やめて、やめて…ってばぁ…！』=『Sto--, cum...! No... fuh... haah--... ah--... nn--... fuuh, fuuh.... st--... stop, stop... it...!』
『やめて欲しかったら、自分から腰を振って指を出し入れして誘ってごらん。そうしたらやめてあげよう』=『If you want me to stop, then try tempting me by shaking your hips and taking them in and out yourself. I'll stop if you do that.』
『っふ、んっ、あ…っふ…そんなっこと…っし、ない…』=『Fuh, nn--, ah... fuh... no way--... I'll, do...』
『そうかー…出来ないならやめられないなぁ…』=『That so?... If you can't then I can't exactly stop~...』
『んああっ！！は、あ、っく…はあ、あっ…やっ…ぃやっ…あっ、ああっ、あっ…はぁ、あっ』=『Nnaah--!! Hah, ah, kuh... haah, ah--... no--... no--... ah--, aah--, ah--... haah, ah--』
『莉乃ちゃんのおマンコの中、ドロドロで、おじさんの指が溶けそうなぐらい熱くて…喜んでくれて嬉しいなぁ』=『Rino-chan, your pussy's so melty inside, and hot enough to melt my fingers too... I'm glad to see you're loving this.』
『んー…っく…っは、っは…ダメほんとダメっ…、やだっ！ん、あ、あ、あ…っぁあ、ぁ、ぁっ』=『Nnn... kuh... hah, hah... I can't, I really can't--... No--! Nn, ah, ah, ah... aah, ah, ah--』
『イキそうかな？スケベマンコがきつく締め付けてきて動かしにくくなってきたよ。どうしようもないなあ』=『Are you almost there? Your slutty pussy's clinging onto me so tightly, I can barely move them. There's no helping you, is there?』
『…無理っ…ダメ、私…彼氏いる…のっ…に……！あっ、ひぅっ、んあっ、ん…んん…っあ…ぁうっ…』=『...I can't--... no, I... have a boy... friend--...! Ah--, hyuh--, nnah--, nn... nnn.... ah... uwah--...』
『もう終わったはずの男に手マンされてイキかけてるのに、この期に及んで清純な彼女面かあ…』=『Still acting like an innocent girlfriend, even when you're about to cum from the fingers of a guy who you were 'done' with, huh...』
『ちがっ…あっ…やだっイ…っ…』=『No, I--... ah--... no--, cu--...』
『そろそろ絶頂させてあげようか』=『Let's make you cum now, shall we?』
『ぃ、やっ、あ、いっいやっ…イきたくなっ…ぃっ…！』=『N--, no--, ah--, n-noo--... I don't want to cu--... mmm--...!』
『思いっきりイって…自分がどんな女[メス/1]で、誰のモノか、しっかり思い出そうねえ』=『Let's cum hard... and remember just what sort of a bitch you are, and who you belong to, okay?~』
『んーん、ん"っ…やっぁ"…っ…ゴメン、ゴメン…っねタカ、くん…。っぁ、私、こんなの…っちが…、んんっ』=『Nnnnn, nnngh--... nnogh--...! ...Sorry, I'm... sorry, Taka--, kun.... Ah, I'm not... like... nnn--』
『お前は俺の女[メス/1]だ！ほら、イけ！』=『You're my bitch--! Come on, cum!』
『やっ、ちがっ…！んひゅ、やらっ…ぁ、ああっ、やっ…あっ、あ、あ、っぁ、あ、っぁあ、ィヤ…イクっ…！』=『No--, I'm--...! Nnhuh, no--... ah, aaah--, no--... ah--, ah, ah, ah, ah, aah, noo... cumming--...!』
『んっ、ぁああああぁっっ…！！！！』=『Nn--, aaaaaaaah--...!!!』
『っはー…っはー…はー…っぁ…っはー…ん、はー…』=『Haah... haah... haah... ah... haah... nn, haah...』
『びっくりしたよ。たかがあの程度の手マンで腰が抜けるほどイクなんて、相変わらずはしたない子だなぁ…』=『Man, that surprised me. To think your knees gave in just from that light fingering. What a slutty girl you are...』
『はー…っ…はー…っ、んぁ…はー…っ…ん…はー…っ…っぁ…はー…』=『Haah... haah... nnah... haah... nn... haah... ah... haah...』
『廊下でいいようにされて、挙句、口も利けないほどよがる女だなんて…そりゃあ、彼氏に知られたくないだろうねえ』=『Being played around like this in the hallway, and yet loving it so much that you can't even speak... no wonder you don't want your boyfriend to know.』
『はー…っ…んっ…はー…っ…っぁ…はー…っ…』=『Haah... nn... haah.... ah... haah...』
『”これ”が莉乃ちゃんなんだよ。自覚はできたかな…？』=『This is you, Rino-chan. I wonder if you understand...?』
『…違、う…のぉ……。ん、はー…はー…』=『... I'm, no... t... nn, haah... haah...』
『まだ認められないかぁ…。じゃあ、これからもっと自覚させてあげないとなぁ』=『Still can't accept it, huh?... Then, I'll just have to make you understand it.』
『…違う…、ん、だって…、ば…』=『...I said... nn, I'm... not...』
『他の誰でもない、俺のチンポに狂ってた女だって口でも否定できないぐらいにしてあげるよ』=『I'll make it so that you won't even be able to deny it with your mouth, that you're crazy for my cock and only my cock.』
『…するわけ、ないでしょ…。はー…はー…、、』=『...No way that's, happening... haah... haah....』
『頑固も過ぎるとよくないなぁ…。あんまりに聞き分けがないと後悔することになるよ？』=『It's not good to be so pigheaded, Rino-chan... you'll end up regretting it if you keep being rebellious, you know?』
『…それ、ど…どういう意味……よ…』=『...What, do... you mean by... that...』
明らかに狼狽えたのがわかった。とりあえず今日はこれで許しておいてやろう。=It was clear that she was at her limit. Let's leave her be with this for today.
あれだけ噛み付かれたんだ。抱き起す義理はない。落ち着いたら勝手に起き上がるだろう。=She was being so bitey earlier. I had no obligation to pick her up. She can do it herself once she calms down.
『ちょ…ちょっと…』=『H... Hey, wai...』
その場で態勢を崩したままの莉乃ちゃんに踵を返す。=I turned my back on her as she lay there in a mess.
俺好みに１から調教して開発したんだ。どこの馬の骨かも分からない若造にくれてやるもんか。=I trained her from scratch to fit my own tastes. Like hell I'm gonna let some random brat put his hands on her.
こいつは、昔もこれからも俺の女[メス/1]なんだ。=She always was, and will always be my woman (bitch)
『キャラクターがゆるくて可愛いラムネ菓子。小さな容器に入ったヨーグルト風味のクリーム。』=『Cute ramune candy, with a cute mascot character on it. A small cup of yoghurt cream.』
『沢山ある味から、よく買っていた味を選んだ麩菓子。それと…２つ折りに出来るチューブの氷菓子。』=『Stick of fugashi, of the flavour we always picked. And... a tube of sherbet, that can be split in half and shared.』
『結構買っちゃった…。買い過ぎちゃったかな。でも、いいよね？』=『I bought a whole lot, now that I thought about it... but it should be fine, right?』
『昔、よく一緒に食べた駄菓子を持って、おじさんに会うと思うと…』=『I mean, when I think about how I'm going to see uncle, with all these snacks we used to share together...』
『昔をほんの少し前のことみたいに思い出せて、素直にリラックス出来る気がする。』=『It makes the old days feel like they were less long ago, and I think it'll really help me relax.』
『…でも、私…おじさんと……』=『...But, just the other day... we...』
『ううん！昔みたいに楽しく話すために来たんだから』=『No! I came here to just chat and spend time with him, like I used to, not that!』
『うん、よし、大丈夫！行こう！…おじさん、この時間には部屋にいるって言ってたもん。』=『Alright, okay, I'm fine! Let's go! ...He did say that he's usually in his room around this time.』
ちゃんと遊びに来るのは、今日が初めて。喉がきゅっとなる。=It was the first time I was actually going to see him just to hang out. My throat felt a bit tight.
『おじさん、乙羽…です』=『Uncle, it's me... Otoha.』
『ああ。入っておいで』=『Yeah, come on in.』
『あれから…おじさんと話が弾んで、さっきまで緊張していたのが嘘みたい。』=『After that... we'd been talking for so long, that it was hard to believe that I'd been so nervous earlier.』
『それでお母さんがカンカンに怒って…』=『And then mom got so mad...』
『そうだったねえ。あれも夏の暑い日だったか』=『She sure did. Come to think of it, that was a hot summer day too, wasn't it?』
『うん。それで食べてたお菓子、外に忘れてきちゃって…』=『Yeah. And because of that, I forgot the snacks we were eating outside and...』
『そうそう、そうだった。…いやあ、懐かしいね』=『Oh yeah, you did. ...Man, that really brings back the memories.』
『懐かしいといえば、ほら』=『You know what else I just got reminded of?』
『あ…おじさんが自分の膝をぽんぽんと叩いて…これ…』=『Ah... he's patting his lap... that's...』
『この仕草と合図には見覚えがある。』=『I think I remember what that's for.』
『乙羽ちゃん、おいでよ』=『Come on over, Otoha-chan.』
『え？！』=『Eh!?』
『見覚えが…ある、けど…。…昔と違って、胸が高鳴る。』=『I do... remember, but... unlike back then, my heart's pounding.』
『乙羽ちゃん、どうしたんだい？』=『What's wrong, Otoha-chan?』
『おじさんがじっとを見てる…。呼ばれただけで、こんなにドキドキしちゃってるのに…。』=『Uncle's looking right at me... even though my heart's already beating so fast, just from him calling me over...』
『ほら、昔はよく膝に乗っていただろう。懐かしい話をしてたら思い出してね』=『You remember how you used to sit on my lap a lot, no? I just got reminded of it.』
『確かに、昔はそうだった…。昔は気軽に喜んで座って話して…』=『I did used to, a lot... I would just sit on his lap, and just chat all day...』
『でも今は…こんなに意識しちゃってる。…そこ座ったら、ドキドキしたまま、体が……く、くっ付いちゃう…！』=『But now... I'm so conscious of it. ...If I sit on his lap, we'll be super close and, he'll... f-feel my heartbeat...!』
『あ、う、うん。…そ、だね』=『Ah, y-yeah. ...I, do.』
『おじさんに…触れたい、けど…。あんなことがあったばかりだし…。』=『I want to... touch him... But 'that' literally just happened...』
『座って…万が一にでも……おじさんのがまた…当たったり…したら……どうしよう。』=『If I sit down... and his thing... starts poking... into me again... what do I do?』
『乙羽ちゃん？嫌かな…？』=『Otoha-chan? I guess you're not that young anymore...』
『あれ…なんだか…もしかして、こんなこと考えてるの…私だけ…？』=『Huh... by any chance... am I the only one... thinking stuff like that...?』
『や、やだ…逆に恥ずかしくなってきちゃった。』=『G-Gosh... that's so embarrassing. Why am I like this?』
『今日ここに来たのは…元の関係っていうか…』=『I came here today to... be like we used to be...』
『昔みたいな楽しい感じで話をしたいから来たんだもん。……よし！！』=『I came here because I wanted to hang out with him, like we used to. ...Alright, I'll do it!!』
『じゃ、じゃあ…。すごく、ひ、久しぶりだから重いかもしれない、けど…』=『T-Then... it's been a, l-long time so I might be a bit heavier but...』
『ははは。そんなこと、気にしなくて大丈夫だよ』=『Hahahah. You don't need to worry about that.』
『ぃ、っしょ…』=『Here, we go...』
『お、おじさんの膝の上…匂いも体温も伝わってきて…。やっぱり緊張してきちゃう…！』=『I-I'm on his lap... I can feel his warmth, and his scent too... This really is making me nervous...!』
『乙羽ちゃん』=『Otoha-chan.』
『う、うんっ？！！』=『Y-Yeah--!??』
『やだ、声がちょっと上擦っちゃった…。いきなり…どうしたんだろう？』=『Gosh, that came out so weird... just what's... gotten into me?』
『あの袋、確かお菓子を買ってきてたんだよね？どんなお菓子なのかな？』=『That bag's full of sweets and candy that you brought, right? What sort of sweets are they?』
『あ、うん』=『Ah, yeah.』
『はー、びっくりした…って、あ！！』=『Haah, that surprised me... ah, wait!!』
『おじさん、あの中にチューピットが入ってるの！すっかり忘れてた。溶けちゃう！』=『Uncle, there's freeze pops in there! I completely forgot about them, they'll melt!』
『お、そうなんだ。チューピットか、これまた懐かしいな。じゃあ、今から一緒に食べようか？』=『Oh, really? Freeze pops, huh? Now that's nostalgic too. Want to have them now then?』
『うん！ああ…ドロドロになってないかな…』=『Yeah! Aah... I hope they haven't melted...』
『あ、結構大丈夫みたい。これね、おじさんと半分こしようと思って…』=『Ah, seems like they're still fine. You see, I bought them so that we could split them and share...』
『はい、おじさん』=『Here, uncle.』
『おお、ありがとう』=『Oh, thanks.』
『ふふ。あ…っとと、やっぱりちょっと溶けてる…。いただきます』=『Fufuh. Ah... it really is starting to melt... Well, it's still good though.』
『…ん、また顔が熱くなってきてるから、このお菓子、冷たくて丁度いいかも…』=『....Nn, my face is starting to burn up again, so this might just be perfect right now...』
『ぁ、垂れてきちゃ…っん、っちゅ…ぅっ…っちゅ…んっ…ちゅ…れろ……』=『Ah, it's oozing out... nnn, *suck*... uu... *suck*... nn--... *lick*... *suck*...』
『んっ、おいし…。これぐらい溶けてるのが…んあ…ふんちゅ…れろ…』=『Nn--, so good... honestly, it's perfect like this, just as it's starting to... nnah... *suck*... *lick*...』
『ちゅ…ちゅぷ…、んちゅ…れろ……っちゅ…はむっ…』=『*suck*... *shlurp*... *shluck*... *lick*... *suck*... haahm...』
『おじさん、どうしたの？食べないで、じっと見つめて…。…溶けたの、どこかに付いちゃってるかな？』=『What's wrong, uncle? You're staring at me instead of eating it... did some drip onto my face?』
『あ、ああ…。いや、乙羽ちゃんの舐め方が…その、刺激的だったからさ』=『N-No... it's just, the way you're licking it is... erhm, it's a bit stimulating.』
『…？？』=『...??』
『まぁまぁ。おじさんも食べるね』=『Well, it doesn't matter. I'll eat mine too.』
『うん。…っちゅ、…ふ…』=『Okay. ...*suck*... fuuh...』
『…刺激…？普通のオレンジ味だけど…。味って意味じゃないよね…なんだろう…？』=『...Stimulating...? It's just orange flavoured though... he didn't mean the flavour, did he? ...I wonder what he meant...』
『…ちゅる…れろ……ん、んん…れろ、はふ…』=『...*shlurp*... *lick*... nn, nnnn... *lick*, *pant*....』
『ちゅぅ…っ……ん？』=『*suck*... nnn?』
『あ…あれ…なんか…お尻に当たって……』=『H... Huh? ...I can feel... something poking into my butt...』
『はむ…っ…はふ…れろ…』=『Aahm... *pant*... *lick*...』
『き、気のせいだよ…ね？…気のせいじゃない…？？ど、どうしよう…今…私のお尻に当たってるのって…』=『I-It's just my imagination... right? ...It's not...?? W-What do I do... the thing... that's poking into my butt right now--....』
『やっぱり……おじさんの……お…チンチン……当たってる……よ…ね…？！』=『It... must be... h-his dick... right...?!』
『んんん…』=『Nnn....』
『立ち上がろうかな…どうしようかな…。確かめるなんて絶対、私には出来ないし……。』=『Maybe I should get up... what do I do... I definitely can't ask him, I just can't...』
『せっかく昔の感じで話せてたのに…。…でも、おじさんが悪いわけじゃないし……。』=『Even though things were getting to the way they used to be... But, it's not his fault either...』
『何か、違うこと考えてたら気にならなくなるかも……。…あ、あそこにあるのって…』=『If I, focus on something else, I might be able to ignore it... T-That, over there...』
『お、おじさん。あそこにあるのって…落とし物箱？』=『U-Uncle. Is that... a lost and found box?』
『ああ、そうだよ。結構落とし物があってねぇ。職員室で管理しているのとは別にこの部屋にもあるんだよ』=『Aah, yeah. I find a lot of lost and found stuff. So I keep a box here too, separate from the one in the staff room.』
『そ、そうなんだ。中、見てみていいかな？』=『I-I see. Could I have a look inside?』
『ああ、構わないよ』=『Sure, I don't mind.』
『あ、ありがとう…っ』=『T-Thanks...--』
『ふぅ…やっと離れられた。私の勘違いかもしれないけど…あのまま座っていられないよ。』=『Fuuh... I managed to get away. It could also just be a misunderstanding on my part but... I really couldn't just keep sitting on his lap like that.』
『でも、せっかく一緒にいられたのに…離れちゃうことは…それはそれでちょっと残念…かも。』=『But, we finally got to be that close together too... so having to get up... feels really disappointing too.』
『うーん…でも…』=『Nnnn... but...』
『箱にはおじさんが仕事を始める前から、落とし物がもう結構あってねえ』=『Actually, this box was already here when I started this job, and even back then there were a lot of things in it.』
『…そうなんだ』=『...Huh.』
『…ああいう時ってどうしたらいいのかな…。うーん、わからない。』=『...What do I even say... Nnn, I really can't think of anything.』
『とりあえず、離れてよかったんだよね。私もすごく意識しちゃうし…。』=『Either way, it's a good thing I got up. I'm getting so conscious...』
『はぁ…笑って話してたところまでは普通だったのに…。うわ、結構ごちゃごちゃ色々入ってる…。』=『Haah... even though it was going so normally, with us laughing and chatting... Uwah, there's a whole lot of stuff in here...』
『…ペン、消しゴム…。思ったより沢山ある。下にもっと大きなものも入ってる…。』=『...A few pens and pencils, erasers... a whole lot more than I thought. And there's some even bigger things at the bottom...』
『ね、結構色々あるだろう？』=『There's a lot of things in there, aren't there?』
『うん。それと…、ん…？…なにこれ？』=『Yeah. And... nn...? ...What's this?』
『なにこの棒…？体育用のリレーバトン？？…でもそれって個人の落とし物じゃないし…。』=『A rod of some kind...? Is it a relay baton?? ...But that's not something that'd end up in a lost and found box...』
『色が変だし……形もなんか…少し反り返っていてん…？ここは…なに、電池を入れるところ……？』=『It's a weird color too... and the shape's a bit... curved...? And this is... a slot for batteries...?』
『ん…？これ、どこかで見たことある…………。…あれっ…え、まさか…』=『Nn...? I feel like I've seen it before somewhere too... wait... eh, no way...』
『っ？！！』=『--?!!』
『あ、あれ…これ…も、もしかして…エッチなモノ？！…おじさんの…本とかビデオに出てきた…』=『H-Huh... is this... b-by any chance... something lewd?! ...I saw it in... one of uncle's books...』
『ううん、そんなものが学校にあるわけないよね…。でもこれって本当にあの時みたものにすごく似てて…』=『No, there's no way something like that'd be at school... but it looks so similar to that...』
『す、すごく……ドキドキしてきちゃった……。』=『N-Now my... heart's pounding...』
『乙羽ちゃん、どの落とし物を見てるんだい？』=『Otoha-chan, what are you looking at there?』
『っ！！…えっ…えっと…っ、クリアファイル………』=『--!!! ...Eh--... erhm.... a-a plastic document sleeve....』
『変な物でもあったのかな？』=『Did you find something weird in there?』
『う、ううん……その…クリアファイル、だけど………。その……下に…あった…のが……』=『N-No... uhm... there's a document sleeve, but... uhm... below... that... I...』
『…何があったんだい？』=『...What did you find?』
『えっと…その……な、名前は知らないから………』=『Erhm... uhm... I-I don't know what it's called so...』
『ひゃっ』=『Hyah--』
『おじさん、いつの間に後ろに立ってたんだろう…。びっくりした…。私…こんなモノ持ってるのに…。』=『When did he get behind me... that surprised me... I've got... something like this in my hand though...』
『乙羽ちゃん、これが”何か”わかるかな？』=『Otoha-chan, do you understand what this is?』
『え、う…ううん！分からない…かな……』=『Eh, n... no! I... don't....』
『見たのも初めてなのかな？』=『Is it your first time seeing it too?』
『……………』=『............』
『ん、これを見たことがあるみたいだね。おじさん、びっくりだなあ…』=『Hmm, seems like you've seen it before then. I'm actually surprised...』
『え、あ…その…ほ、本物を…見たのは…きょ、今日が初めてで…、あの…』=『Eh, ah... uhm... i-it's my... first time... s-seeing the real thing... uhm...』
『でも、これ自体は前に見たことがあるんだね？』=『But you've seen this thing before for sure, right?』
『うう……なんて言ったらいいのかな…。見たことがあるなんて知られたら…。』=『Uuu... what should I even say... If he finds out that I have...』
『言いたくない…。はしたない子だと思われちゃう……。』=『I don't want to say it... he'll think of me as a dirty girl...』
『大丈夫だよ。言ってご覧。落とし物としてあるってことはこの学校で誰かが使ってたってことなんだから』=『It's alright. Try telling me. It was in the box, so it was something a student brought in anyway.』
『……もう、今更嘘なんて言っても、バレちゃうよね……？』=『...At this point, if I just lie to him, he'll notice, won't he...』
『み、見たこと…あるよ。…前に…お、おじさんの部屋で…ほ、本の…中で……ちょ、ちょっと…だけ…』=『I-I've... seen it. ...In one... of those books... i-in your... room... j-just a... bit...』
『どんな本かな…？』=『What sort of book was it....?』
『えっと…それはっ…その………』=『Erhm... that's--... uhm...』
『どんな本か分かってるから言えないんだね。やっぱり乙羽ちゃんはエッチな子だなあ』=『You can't say it because you know, can you? You really are such a naughty girl, Otoha-chan.』
『ご、ごめんなさい！！そういうつもりじゃなくて…っ見たのも偶然で…』=『I-I'm sorry!! I didn't mean to go through it... it was just a coincidence...』
『お、おじさんに…その…また…へ、変なこと…させるつもりとか…全然なくって……！』=『I-I don't... uhm... mean to... m-make you do... something weird again... believe me...!』
『そうかなあ？形が似てるチューピットを買ってきたのも本当はおじさんを誘惑するつもりだったんじゃないかな？』=『Really now? Didn't you buy those freeze pops, which almost look similar, just to seduce your uncle?』
『ち、違うよ！あれは本当に、昔食べたお菓子だからっ…。それに…ゆ、誘惑って…？』=『I-I didn't! We really did, eat those together back in the day--... and... s-seduce...?』
『チンポを舐めるような、とてもいやらしい舐め方をしてたじゃないか』=『But you were sucking on it very obscenely, like how someone would suck on a cock.』
『…チン…っ、お、おチンチンを…舐めるなんて…！そ、そんなつもりじゃなくて…っ』=『...Co--... s-suck on... a dick...! I-I wasn't trying to...--』
『乙羽ちゃんがあんなに一生懸命舐めてるのを見ておじさんのココ、こんなになっちゃったよ』=『Seeing you do it so passionately made me like this down here, see?』
『きゃっ……！！』=『Kyah--...!!』
『お、おじさんの…お、おチン、チン……！！』=『U-Uncle's... d-di, ck...!!』
『ほら…。こんなにガチガチになって苦しいぐらいだよ』=『Look... it's so rock hard, it almost hurts.』
『は、初めて…男の人の…おチンチンを…私、見てる…。大好きな、おじさんの……』=『I-I'm looking... at a man's dick... for the first time... in my, life... and it's, my beloved, uncle's....』
『え、えっ……』=『Eh, eh--....』
『すっごくおっきくなって…反り返ってて…。落とし物のオモチャより…おっきくて…すごい……』=『It's so big... and arching back... it's bigger than that... toy in the box... wow...』
『って、ううん！見ちゃダメ！…見ちゃいけないモノなのに…目が…逸らせない』=『Wait, no! I shouldn't look! ...Even though, I shouldn't... I can't... take my eyes off it.』
『っはぁ…っはぁ…あ…っ…』=『Haah... haah.... ah...』
『呼吸が荒くなってるねぇ』=『Your breathing's getting really rough there.』
『え、えっと…その、これは違うの…っ』=『E-Erhm... uhm, it's not like that, I...--』
『何が違うのかな…？』=『What is it like then...?』
『恥ずかしい…。ダメだって、思えば思うほど余計に見ちゃうよぉ………』=『So embarrassing... the more I think I shouldn't, the harder it is for me to look away...』
『見たいなら見ていいんだよ？ほら、その可愛い手で握ってごらん？』=『If you want to look, you can, you know? C'mon, try holding it with your cute hands.』
『に…、握っ、、、て…って…！』=『H... hold--... i...t....!』
『チンポも触って欲しくてビクビクしてるだろう？ほら、恥ずかしがらないで…』=『Can't you see how much it wants to be touched too? C'mon, don't be shy...』
『んっ……』=『Nn--...』
『お…おぉ…』=『Oh... oooh...』
『うわ……、すご…い……。私…オ…オチンチン…、おじさんのオチンチン、触ってる…。凄く…ドクドクして……、硬くて…火傷しそうなくらいに……熱、い………』=『Uwah... ama... zing... I'm...t... touching a... dick, uncle's dick... it's throbbing... so much... it's so hard... hot enough to... burn....』
『はぁ…、はぁ……』=『Haah.... haaah....』
『ニチャニチャして…、ちょっと……気持ち悪いし……、匂いも…すごくて…。でも……、これが…おじさんの……』=『It's slimey and... a bit... gross too.... it smells... so much too.... but... this is... uncle's....』
『初々しくていい反応だねえ…。でも、触ってるだけじゃおじさんは苦しいままだよ』=『What a cute and innocent reaction... But, just touching's not going to make it hurt any less, you know.』
『どっ…、どうすれ、ば……？』=『Wh--... what do I, do then....?』
『まあ、そうだなあ…こないだ、おじさんは乙羽ちゃんのおマンコを舐めただろう？』=『Well, let's see... I licked your pussy the other day, right?』
『っ！！…あ、あの時は、そのっ……はぁ、はぁ…』=『--!! ...T-That time, I uhm--... haah, haah...』
『お、落ち着かなきゃ…！これ以上エッチな子って思われたら…は、恥ずかしい…！！』=『I-I need to calm down...! If he starts thinking of me as any more of a dirty girl... I-I'll die from shame...!!』
『だから、今度は交代して、乙羽ちゃんがおじさんのチンポを舐めてくれるかい？』=『So how about we swap places this time, and you lick my cock? Can you do it, Otoha-chan?』
『えっ、そ、そんなこと…するの……？！』=『Eh--, I-I have to... lick it...!?』
『そうだよ。乙羽ちゃんのせいでこうなったんだし、本当はお互いに舐めるものだからね』=『That's right. Not only did I end up like this because of you, but normally both men and women do this to each other.』
『そ、そう…な、の……？』=『R-Rea... lly....?』
『そうだよ。本当は２人でおマンコとチンポを舐め合って一緒に気持ちよくなるものなんだよ』=『That's right. You actually even do it at the same time, and feel good together.』
『で、でも…そんなことするのって…』=『B-But... doing that...』
『おや、乙羽ちゃんはおじさんのチンポを舐めるのが嫌なのかな？』=『Oh, do you hate the idea of licking your uncle's cock, Otoha-chan?』
『い、嫌とか…そういうのじゃなくて…。でも、えっと…し、したことないし…』=『I-It's not... like that... but, uhm... I-I've never done it before...』
『それは今からゆっくり教えてあげるよ』=『Leave it to me, I'll slowly teach you how.』
『…あのっ、でも…えっと…そ、そういうコトってもうしないって…。姪と叔父の関係だから…』=『...Uhm--, but... erhm... w-we already said we wouldn't anymore... since we're related...』
『でも、おじさんは乙羽ちゃんに興奮させられてこんなになってしまっているんだよ？』=『But you're the one who made your uncle all aroused and hard like this, you know?』
『私がおじさんをこんなに興奮させちゃったんだ…。それに…私で興奮してくれてる』=『I'm the one who made him like this... and he's... really aroused, over me.』
『…どうしても嫌かな？』=『...Or is the idea of it too much?』
『……そ、それは…』=『...T-That's....』
『本当は…舐め合いっこをするん…だよね？…私だけ気持ちよくしてもらったのはズルいこと…なのかも…』=『He said you... do it together normally... didn't he? ...So it might be unfair, that only I... got to feel good...』
『それに…大好きなおじさんが…気持ちよくなってくれるなら…』=『And really... if it'll make the uncle I love... feel good, and make him happy...』
『…し…しても……いいよ』=『...I... I don't... mind.』
『そうかそうか。嬉しいなあ』=『That so? I'm so happy.』
『おじさんは、乙羽ちゃんのお口が見えやすいように寝転がるから。ほら、こっちおいで…』=『I'll go and lie down so that I can get a good look at your mouth. C'mon, over here...』
『じゃあ、早速やってみようか』=『Well then, let's get to it, alright?』
『よしよし、よくできたね…。最初にしてはとっても上手だったよ』=『Alright, great job... you did really well for your first time.』
『そ、そう…なの…？よ、かった…。はぁ…はぁ…はぁ…』=『R-Rea... lly...? Gr, eat... Haah... haah... haah...』
『でもまだおじさんは元気なままだ。乙羽ちゃんが一生懸命してくれるからもっとして欲しくなったよ』=『But uncle here's still raring to go. You really put your heart and soul into it so my little guy can't help but want more.』
『は、恥ずかしい……。私、またおじさんとエッチなことしちゃった…。なのに、私も…まだ…シたいって…。』=『S-So embarrassing... I did, naughty stuff with uncle again... And yet, I want... more too...』
『苦しくなかったかい？息が荒いけど…辛かったかな？』=『It wasn't hard to bear, was it? You're breathing really rough... was it too much?』
『ちょ、ちょっとだけ…。でも辛くはない…と思う…。だ、大丈夫だよ…』=『I-It was a bit harsh... but it wasn't too much... or anything... I-I'm fine...』
『すごく変な感じ…。おじさんの…味が…まだ口の中に…あって…興奮しちゃってる…。ダメな子になってる…。』=『I feel so weird... uncle's... taste is... still in my... mouth... I'm so excited... I'm turning into such a bad girl...』
『乙羽ちゃんの舌がふわふわして、ねっとり絡みついて男の人を喜ばせるのにぴったりだね…。エッチな子だ』=『Your tongue is so soft, and so clingy, it's perfect for making men happy... what a lewd girl you are.』
『そんな、私…ご、ごめんなさい』=『No, I... I-I'm sorry.』
『咎めているんじゃないんだよ。それはとってもいいこと、すごく素晴らしいことなんだ』=『I'm not criticizing you at all. It's a very nice thing, downright wonderful even.』
『そ、そうなんだ…。おじさんが喜んでくれてるなら、私……』=『R-Really?... If it makes you happy them I'm also...』
『でも…いけないよね。おじさんとこんなことしちゃ…ダメなのに…。もっと…したいって…思っちゃう…。』=『But... it's not right, is it? Even though we shouldn't... be doing this... I can't help but... want more...』
『もうこういうことはしないって、おじさんの迷惑にならないようにって…思ってるのに。』=『Even though we said we wouldn't do it again, even though I don't... want to cause problems for him.』
『ごめんなさい、おじさん…』=『I'm sorry, uncle...』
『どうしたんだい？…謝らなくていいんだよ。ちゃんとおじさんのチンポを口でしっかり慰めてくれたんだから』=『What's wrong? ...You don't need to apologize. You already made my cock feel better with your mouth.』
『でも、私…おじさんを誘ったり…するつもり、なかったのに…そんな風に思わせちゃって……』=『But, I... I wasn't trying to... seduce you, but... I ended up...』
『そうだねぇ…』=『I see....』
『まだおじさんの…おっきいまま……。私のせいで…。…どうしよう。』=『You're still... so big... and it's my fault... what do I do?』
『もっと気持ちいいことをしたくはないかい？』=『Don't you want to do something that feels even better?』
『え……』=『Eh....』
『き、気持ちいい………？』=『F-Feels even better....?』
『そうだよ』=『That's right.』
『………そ、それは…いけないこと…だし……そんな…』=『...B-But... we can't... it's... we shouldn't...』
『いけないこと…？どんなことかなぁ？』=『"We can't"...? Exactly what are you thinking of?』
『あ、そ、その…っ……………』=『Ah, u-uhm...--!....』
『もしかして乙羽ちゃん、今とってもエッチなことを考えちゃっておじさんに言えないのかな？』=『Otoha-chan, by any chance, are you thinking of something so lewd that you can't tell your uncle?』
『勃起したままのおじさんのチンポを口で咥えて乙羽ちゃんの口に出し入れしたみたいに…』=『Like maybe taking my still erect cock into your mouth and moving it in and out...』
『でも、本当は、口だけですることじゃないのは、乙羽ちゃん…おじさんの本やビデオでもう知っているよね？』=『But, you already know from those magazines or videos, don't you?... That it's not just something you do with your mouth.』
『………っ』=『....--!』
『どうしよう…頭が真っ白になって…きちゃう…。恥ずかしくて、いけないこと………。』=『What do I do... my head's going... blank... something that sounds that, embarrassing and, bad...』
『もっとエッチなことを…しちゃうの…？おじさんと…おじさんの大きいおチンチンで…。』=『Are we going to do something... even lewder...? Will he... use his big dick and...』
『はぁ…はぁ……はぁ…』=『Haah... haah... haah...』
『また息が荒くなったねぇ。エッチな気分で興奮してきちゃったのかな？』=『I see you're panting again~. Are you starting to feel lewd and excited?』
『そ、っ…そんな…っ…』=『Tha--... that's not...--...』
『ちょっと想像してごらん。コレが本当に入る場所…。乙羽ちゃんのおマンコの中に……』=『Try imagining it. Where it really goes... that's right, inside your pussy....』
『っ…！！』=『--...!!』
『口で…舌でしたみたいにズボズボ…ゆーっくり出たり入ったり…とってもいやらしく動くんだよ』=『Just like you did it with your mouth... like how your tongue clung to it... it goes in and out... it's very lewd, you know?』
『そ、それは…ダ、ダメなことだからっ…』=『T-That's... w-we shouldn't, it's wrong--...』
『ダメなことだからしたくないのかな…？』=『Do you not want to, just because it's "wrong"...?』
『し、したくないじゃなくて…その、おじさんに…め、迷惑をかけちゃうし…』=『I-It's not that... uhm, I don't want... t-to create problems for you...』
『じゃあ、したくないわけじゃないんだね…？』=『So it's not that you don't want to do it, right...?』
『…それは、私たち親戚だし…こ、こんなことしちゃいけない…から、その…』=『...That's, we're related... w-we really shouldn't... so, uhm....』
『ははは、ちょっと意地悪を言い過ぎたかな。でも、本当に…少しでいいから想像してごらん』=『Hahahah, sorry sorry. I didn't mean to bully you so much. But, still... try imagining it just a bit.』
『おじさんのが…私の……中に……。』=『Uncle's, thing... inside... me...』
『…さっき咥えたように、涎じゃなくて乙羽ちゃんのエッチなお汁でヌルヌルになって』=『...Just like how you were sucking on it, but instead of your drool, it'd be slimey with your lewd syrup instead.』
『おじさんのチンポが奥まで入っちゃうんだよ…？それはとっても気持ちがいいことなんだ』=『My cock would go all the way inside you, you know...? And you'd love every second of it.』
『はぁ…はぁ…でも、そんな…エッチなこと…なんて…。…け、結婚してからすることだって…』=『Haah... haah... but, that's... too lewd... y-you only do that stuff, after getting m-married...』
『そうかなあ？本当はみんな、こっそりやっていることなんだよ？』=『You sure about that? Everyone actually secretly does it anyway, you know?』
『結婚どころか高校生でヤってる人、早ければ中学生で経験済みな人もいるよ。それで気持ちよくなるのが普通なんだ』=『Forget getting married, even highschool kids, hell, sometimes even middle school kids do it. And it's normal for everyone to love it.』
『…熱くなって…頭が回らない…。どうしよう……。みんながしてること…気持ちいいこと……。』=『...I'm getting so hot... my head's not working... what do I do... everyone does it... and it feels great...』
『普通……なの…？』=『It's... normal...?』
『そう、みんな秘密にしてるだけで普通のことだよ』=『That's right, everyone just does it in secret, but it's perfectly normal.』
『でも、私と…おじさんの関係じゃ……』=『But you and... I are...』
『確かにそうかもしれない…。でも見てごらん、おじさんのおチンチン』=『You're not wrong about that... but look down here, at my cock.』
『乙羽ちゃんと繋がりたいからこんなになってるんだ』=『It's like this because it wants to become one with you, you know?』
『…す、すごく辛そう…。私とシたくて…こんなになってるの…？』=『...I-It looks so painful... It's like this... because it wants to do it with me...?』
『そうだよ。乙羽ちゃんが可愛くてとっても魅力的だからこうなってるんだ。…乙羽ちゃんはどうかな？』=『That's right. You're ridiculously adorable and enchanting, so it's only natural. ...What about you, Otoha-chan?』
『そ、それは…私だって…その…』=『T-That's... I also... uhm...』
『乙羽ちゃんも本当はシたいんじゃないかな？それとも自分の気持ちが分からないくらい興奮してる？』=『Don't you also want to do it, Otoha-chan? Or are you so excited that you can't wrap your mind around your own feelings?』
『私の…気持ち…？…考え…られない。…こんなになってるおチンチンを見せられて…。』=『My... feelings...? ...I... can't. ...I mean, he's making me look at his throbbing dick...』
『匂いでも…クラクラしてきて…熱くて、熱くて…。私…何もわからない……。』=『Even the smell... is making my head spin... I feel, so hot... I can't... think at all...』
『乙羽ちゃん、本当のエッチは初めてだろう？』=『Otoha-chan, it'd be your first time doing it for real, right?』
『おじさんがゆっくり、怖くないようにしてあげるから力を抜いてごらん。息もゆっくりして…』=『I'll go slowly, and make sure you don't get scared, so just relax. Take deep, steady breaths...』
『はぁ…、ふぅ…、はぁ…、ふぅ…』=『Haah... fuuh... haah... fuuh...』
『そうそう。いい子だねぇ…』=『Just like that. Good girl...』
『乙羽ちゃん、もうこんなにヌルッヌルにしてたんだねぇ』=『Otoha-chan, you were already this wet down here, huh?』
『ご、ごめんなさい』=『I-I'm sorry.』
『ううん、褒めているんだよ。ちゃんと成長した子、大人はみんなこんな風になるんだから…。普通で健康な証拠なんだ』=『No, I'm not blaming you. Girls that grow up properly into adults are all this way... So it's proof that you're a perfectly normal and healthy girl.』
『初めてだから、なるべくゆーっくり、痛くしないように挿入[い/2]れるけど…』=『It's your first time, so I'll try to put it in as slowly, and as painlessly as I can but...』
『それでもちょっと辛いかもしれないよ。でもそれは最初だけだから、少し頑張ろうね』=『It might still be rough, and hurt a bit. But that'll go away in just a bit, so let's do our best together, okay?』
『う、うん…。が、頑張る…っ』=『O-Okay... I-I'll try...』
『ほら、こわばらないで…みんなこうやって初めてを乗り越えるんだよ。乙羽ちゃんもちゃんと出来るよ』=『C'mon, don't be scared... everyone overcomes it in the same exact way. You'll do just fine.』
『はぁ、はぁ…すぅ、…はぁ…う、うん…』=『Haah, haah... ssss... haah... o-okay....』
『乙羽ちゃんは素直でエッチでとっても可愛いねえ。そういう子はすぐに気持ちよくなれるからね…』=『What an obedient, naughty and adorable girl you are. Girls like you get used to it the fastest, you know...』
『やだ、は、恥ずかしい…』=『Gosh, t-that's so embarrassing...』
『ほぅら、また濡れてきた…。おじさんのチンポを受け入れる準備がしっかり出来ているんだよ』=『Look, you're gushing again... Your body's getting ready to accept me into itself.』
『が、頑張る…ね…』=『I-I'll do my... best...』
『うんうん、じゃあちょっと挿入[い/2]れるよ…』=『Yepyep, well then, I'm going to put it in a bit...』
『ん、っ…ぃ…っっ……！！』=『Nn--... iii.... --....!!』
『ああ…これだけトロトロに濡れてるのに…処女マンコはやっぱりキツくてなかなか…』=『Aah... even though you're already so darn wet... a virgin's pussy can't help be but tight, huh...』
『っぅ…う…っく…っふ…』=『Uu... uu... kuh... fuuh...』
『よしよし、頑張って。力を抜いて…息をして…』=『Good girl, keep it up. Just relax... breathe....』
『っは、っぁ…あ…っく…ぅっ…っふ…はっ……ぁ"っ…』=『Hah, ah... ah... kuh... uu... fuh... hah--... agh--....』
『ほら、乙羽ちゃんの綺麗なオマンコが、おじさんの大きいチンポをちゃんと受け入れ始めてるよ…』=『Look, your beautiful pussy is starting to gobble me up so nicely...』
『い…さ、裂けちゃうみたい…。ぃ、痛い…！』=『It... i-it feels like I'm going to split apart... i-it hurts, uncle...!』
『あっという間だから少し我慢しようね。それ、もうすぐだ』=『It'll be over in no time, so endure it a bit, okay? C'mon, just a bit longer.』
『う、うん…我慢っ…すっ…る…っ…！！』=『O-Okay... I'll--... t--... ry...--!!』
『ほら、もう少し…。力が入っているよ。力を抜いて…』=『C'mon, relax... I can feel you tensing up. Just let go....』
『い"っ…は、ぅ…ぅん……はっはっ…』=『Igh--... hah... nnnn... hah--, hah--...』
『乙羽ちゃんはいい子だねえ。すごく頑張っているよ。あともう一息でちゃんと入るからね。さ、堪えて…』=『You're such a good girl, Otoha-chan. I can tell you're doing your best. Just one final stretch, and it'll all be in. C'mon, it's the final push....』
『っ…いっ……っぁああ"ぁっ！！！』=『....Iiigh--... aaaaaagh--!!』
『よしよし、よく頑張ったね。おじさんのチンポ、ギチギチだけど乙羽ちゃんの中に全部入ったよ』=『Alright, you did great. Look, even though my cock was so rock hard, it went all the way in.』
『っはー…っ…はーっ…っ…っこ、これで…私…おじさんっ…と、繋がれた…の…？』=『Haah... haah....--! ....a-are we... connected... as one--... n-now...?』
『そうだよ。今、おじさんと乙羽ちゃんは一番大事な部分で繋がってるんだよ』=『That's right. Right now, we're connected by our most sensitive and delicate parts, together.』
『…っはー…っはー……う、嬉しい…』=『.... Haah... haah... I-I'm so happy...』
『おじさんも嬉しいよ。…さて、じゃあ、ゆっくり慣らしていこうかな』=『I'm happy too. ...Now then, let's get you used to this, alright?』
『う、うん…あの…まだ、い、痛いから…優しく…っ…してね…』=『O-Okay... uhm... it still, h-hurts so... please be... gentle...』
『はー…はー…はー…っ…はー…っはー……はー…』=『Haah... haah... haah...--! ...Haah... haah... haah....』
乙羽ちゃんがまだ肩で息をしたまま、疲れからかぐったりとしている。=With her breath still ragged, Otoha-chan was completely exhausted.
『乙羽ちゃん、本当によく頑張ったねえ』=『Otoha-chan, you held on really well throughout all that.』
『はー…はー…私、ちゃんと出来てた…？はー…はー…』=『Haah... haah... did I, do a good job...? Haah... haah...』
純粋無垢な子が初めてを終えた時の、ぎこちなさから溢れる初々しさは格別だ。=The slight awkwardness of an innocent girl like her having just had her first time was another point worth savouring.
心からねぎらってやりたくなる。=I couldn't help but want to shower her in praise.
『勿論。ちゃんと出来ていたよ。初めてでこれだけ気持ちよくしてくれたんだから』=『Of course. You did great. You made it so enjoyable for me despite it being your first time.』
『…はー…ふー…ふふ、良かった』=『... Haah... fuuh... fufuh, I'm glad.』
『乙羽ちゃんはどうだったかな？』=『How was it for you, Otoha-chan?』
『やっぱり、最初はすごく痛かったけど……でも…』=『It really did hurt a lot, since it was my first time... but...』
『でも…？』=『But...?』
『は、恥ずかしいから…聞かないで。でも…私…その………嫌じゃなかったよ』=『I-It's embarrassing so... don't ask. But... I.. uhm... I didn't hate it.』
内心、にんまりとしてしまう。=I couldn't help but smile inside.
『そうかそうか。思いっきり、もっともっと気持ちよくなるには練習がいるからねえ』=『I see I see. For sure, we'll need to get you a lot more practice at this stuff so that it feels a whole lot better.』
『そう…なの…？』=『Rea... lly...?』
『どんなことも１回で完璧に出来ることなんてないだろう？』=『There's nothing that can be done perfectly the first time around, no?』
少し気落ちさせたようだ。励ましてやらないと…。=She looks a bit disheartened. I gotta cheer her up...
『だから、これだけで全部を決めちゃ駄目だよ。乙羽ちゃんはすごく素敵な子なんだから』=『So you shouldn't decide everything just from this one time. Because you're a wonderful girl, Otoha-chan.』
『あ……ありがとう……おじさん』=『T.... Thanks... uncle.』
健気な声色と笑顔が戻ってきた。…さて、ここからが肝心の本題だ。=At that, her brave tone and sweet smile returned. ...Alright, here comes the main point.
『乙羽ちゃんさえ、ちゃんと秘密を守れるならこれからも気持ちいいことをするのはどうだい？』=『If you're up for it, and can keep it a secret, how about we do a lot more nice stuff together like that from now on?』
『こ…これからも…？』=『F... From now on...?』
驚かれても仕方がない。でも俺は、はなから１度だけのつもりなどないので引く気はない。=It was only natural for her surprised. I was never planning on this being the end though, so I wasn't going to back down.
『そう。１回だけだと分からないこともあるって分かったんじゃないかな』=『Yep, now you understand that there's a lot that you won't get just from the one time, no?』
乙羽ちゃんに戸惑いの色が見え隠れする。ここは一気に説得してしまおう。=Confusion slipped in and out from her face. I needed something to convince her completely here.
『こういうことは色々知っている大人と一緒にしていった方が女の子の体のためなんだよ』=『Doing something like this with an adult who knows a lot is better for girls too.』
『勿論、おじさんも絶対秘密にするし、どうするかは乙羽ちゃん次第だからね』=『Of course, I'll keep it a secret too, and I'll leave it all to you, Otoha-chan.』
『もし、乙羽ちゃんが望むなら、おじさんがもっともっと気持ちよくしてあげるよ』=『If you want it, just say the word and I'll make you feel amazing.』
即答で拒否をしないということは、乙羽ちゃんの性格を考えたとしても嫌ではないのだろう。=The fact that she wasn't rejecting it outright meant that if nothing else, she personally wasn't against it.
『すぐに返事が出来ないのは分かるよ。だから、考えてみてね。無理強いはしないから』=『I know you can't give me a straight answer on that right away. So give it a thought, okay? I won't force you to do anything.』
『ん…ありがとう、おじさん』=『Nn... thanks, uncle.』
短い返事が却って愛らしい。=Her short reply was all the more adorable.
俺の手の中で、初めて女として乱れた後だということがはっきりと感じられる。=I could really feel that she'd truly become a woman, and in my own hands at that.
『ん、はぁ…ふぅ…はー…』=『Nn, haah... fuuh... haah...』
まだ気怠そうな、恥ずかしそうな声色と態度。=She was still tired out and listless, and her voice was full of shyness.
これで、俺は一生乙羽ちゃんの初めての相手となり、姪っ子とはいえ、その若い体が俺のものになったんだ。=With this, for the rest of her life, I would never be less than her first partner, and though she was my niece, her young body was now mine.
これからが楽しみで仕方がない。=I was so excited for the future, I could barely help myself.
『あ…おじさん、今…何時…かな？』=『Ah... uncle, what.... time is it... right now?』
『ああ…えっと…もうそろそろ６時半だね』=『Aah... erhm... around 6:30 PM, almost.』
『わっ！…か、帰らなくちゃ…！！ご、ごめんなさい』=『Wah--! ...I-I need to go...!! I-I'm sorry!』
『謝らなくて大丈夫だよ。ゆっくり気を付けて帰るんだよ』=『You don't need to apologize. Go home safely, okay? Don't rush.』
『ありがとう』=『Okay, thanks.』
そう言った後、身を起こして、慌てた様子で最低限の身づくろいをすると、乙羽ちゃんは部屋を後にした。=After that, she got up, cleaned herself up the best she could in a rush, and then left.
『私…、おじさんと………』=『Just now... I...』
『…本当に…エッチ、しちゃった………。』=『...really... did it, with uncle...』
『こんなこと、本当は絶対にしちゃ…いけないんだよね…。』=『Even though, we really shouldn't... have done something like...』
『友達の莉乃ちゃんにも…言えない…。言っちゃいけない…。ましてやお母さんになんて…』=『I can't tell this to... Rino-chan either... I shouldn't... and not my mom either...』
『…でも…誰にも言えないけど、私…好きな人と…エッチしたんだよね……。』=『...But... I can't say it to anyone but, just now... I really... had sex with the person I love...』
『嬉しくて…でも、嬉しいのに…いけないことをしちゃったって思うと…心がぎゅってなる。』=『I'm so happy... I'm so happy right now but.... when I think about how we shouldn't have... my heart feels like it's being squeezed.』
『しかも相手は…私の、おじさん…。』=『And I did it with... my real uncle, to boot...』
『もうあれが最後。こういうことは本当に、絶対ないようにしないと…。』=『That was the last time. We really can't keep doing this anymore...』
『寂しいけど…でもおじさんに迷惑がかかっちゃう…。』=『I hate the idea of that but... I don't want to cause problems for him...』
『それに、今は転校したばかりで授業にもついていかないといけないし、新しい生活にも馴染まなきゃ。』=『Plus, I just transfered in, and I need to focus on my classes, and get used to life here.』
『私のせいでお母さんは離婚して、こっちに来ることになったのに、勉強そっちのけで自分のことばかりなんて…。』=『Mom got divorced because of me and, even though we came back, I'm ignoring my studies and being so selfish instead...』
『もっと大きくなって、もしおじさんと付き合うことができて…周りがそれを受け入れてくれるようになったら…』=『Once I grow up and, can date uncle properly and... once people around us accept us as a couple...』
『こ、こういう事はそれからきっといっぱいできる…。それまではちゃんと我慢しなきゃ…。』=『W-We'll be able to do stuff like this lots then.... I gotta endure until then...』
することがなくなり、なんとなく見回りのつもりで校内をブラブラしていた。=With nothing to do, I just went around the school, pretending that I was doing my rounds.
校舎内をすでに見回り終わり、次は体育館の方へと足を向ける。=I'd already finished patrolling the school building, so I made my way to the gym instead.
少し開いている扉に近寄ると中から声が聞こえてきた。=As I got closer to the slightly open door, I heard a voice from inside.
『バトンを回しながらすっごく高く投げて、その間に莉乃ちゃんも回転して受け止めるの、すごいね！！』=『It's amazing how you spun around and managed to catch that, after I threw it so high!!』
『ふふ、そんなに驚いてもらえるなんてやったかいがあるよ』=『Fufuh, it was worth doing that just to see that look on your face.』
聞き覚えのある声だ。それに２人しかいないらしい。そっと覗いてみる。=It was a pair of familiar voices. And there didn't seem to be anyone else there. So I slowly peeked in.
『昔、一緒に遊んでた時から思ってたんだけど、莉乃ちゃんって本当に運動神経がいいね』=『I've always thought this, ever since we used to play together, but you really are athletic, Rino-chan.』
『乙羽も練習すればすごく上達すると思うよ。今日見てて思った』=『You'll get great at it too if you practice, I'm sure. I can say that now after seeing you today.』
『うーん、そうかなぁ…？でも、莉乃ちゃんみたいに出来そうにもないよ。すぐに息切れちゃうし』=『Nnn, you think...? But I don't think I'll ever get to the same level as you, Rino-chan. I run out of breath so easily.』
『私だって最初は全然だったよ。それにこうやって休憩しないと今だって一気に疲れちゃうしね』=『I was the same way at the start, you know. Not to mention, if I don't take a breather like this after a routine like that, I run out of stamina too.』
『ふふ。…はぁ、いっぱい汗かいちゃった。でも新体操の基礎練習を体験させてもらえてすごく嬉しいな』=『Fufuh. ...Haah, I'm so sweaty now. Still, I'm really glad I got to try out the basics of rhythmic gymnastics.』
『どうだった？』=『How'd you like it?』
楽しそうに話しながらも、息を弾ませている体がじっとりと汗ばんでいるのがわかる。=Even as they chatted away happily, I could tell just how ragged and sweaty their bodies were.
その熱気からくるエロい体を近くで見たくなって、そそくさと２人の元へ歩く。=Wanting to take a closer look at those sexy bodies of theirs, I made my way to the two of them.
『ぁ…』=『Ah....』
最初に俺に気付いたのは莉乃ちゃんだった。=It was Rino-chan who noticed me first.
『やあ。莉乃ちゃん、乙羽ちゃん』=『Hey there, Rino-chan and Otoha-chan.』
『２人だけで練習でもしていたのかな？』=『Were you two practicing just by yourself?』
『あ…おじさん』=『Ah... uncle.』
近くで見てみると、やはり目を見張るほど誘惑的だ。=Looking closer, they really were alluring enough to make my eyes open wide.
莉乃ちゃんのレオタードは、汗でいつもよりもぴっちりと体の張り付いている。=Especially Rino-chan's leotard, which was clinging to her body more than usual from all her sweat.
『こんにちは』=『Hello.』
乙羽ちゃんの体操服は、おそらく最初は洗い立てでふんわりとしていたんだろう。=Otoha-chan's own gym clothes were probably soft and fresh at first, I'm sure.
だが今は、流れ落ちる汗を吸いこんで、その重みからしっとりと体のラインに沿っている。=But with all the sweat soaked into them now, the clothes were almost weighed down, hugging her bodyline.
『こんにちは。邪魔をしちゃったかな？』=『Hi there. Am I in the way here?』
『う、ううん』=『N-No.』
レオタードほどではないが、俺好みの乙羽ちゃんの体型がそこはかとなく浮き出ている。=Though it wasn't as striking as the leotard, I could still make out the physique, one that was molded exactly to my tastes.
あの様子だとシャツだけではなく、ブルマのほうにも甘酸っぱい汗がたっぷり染みこんでいるのだろう。=Looking at her, forget her shirt, even her bloomers were probably drenched in her sweet sweat.
『休憩してただけ。だよね？乙羽』=『We're just taking a break. Right, Otoha?』
『…う、うん』=『...Y-Yeah.』
『そうかい、そうかい。乙羽ちゃんは新体操部に入る予定なのかい？』=『I see, I see. Are you planning on joining the rhythmic gymnastics club too, Otoha-chan?』
『えーっと…それはまだ、わかんなくて…。まずは学校とここの勉強に馴染まなきゃだし…』=『Eerhm... I still, don't know... I mean, I gotta get used to the school and classes here first...』
若い子の汗をめいっぱい吸い込んで蒸れているであろう、服の下の肌を想像すると激しくムラムラしてきてしまう。=Thinking about the skin underneath those clothes, probably stuffy and steamy from all the sweat it's drenched in, made me ridiculously horny.
『そうだねぇ。でも、乙羽ちゃんのレオタード姿もおじさん、見てみたいなあ』=『Yeah, I get it. Still, I'd love to see you in one of the leotards here, Otoha-chan.』
『そ、そんな…それは恥ずかしいっていうか…、えっと…』=『T-That's... that's embarrassing... uhm...』
『似合うと思うよ』=『I think it'd suit you though.』
初めて交わった後特有の反応はやはりとても可愛い。汗で湿ったそそる衣服を見ながら、反応を楽しんでいたい。=Her reactions, now that we'd already done it once, were extremely adorable. I wanted to enjoy those reactions more while savouring the look of her sweaty and arousing outfit.
『……え、ええ…』=『....E-Eeh....』
肌も運動後の熱で健康そうに上気している。またヤりたくなる気持ちがむくむくと頭をもたげた。=Her skin was flushed too, after the hard workout. The desire to do her again filled my head.
『乙羽、大丈夫？』=『Otoha, are you okay?』
じっくり視姦したいが、今は莉乃ちゃんがいる。乙羽ちゃんとの関係を勘繰られても厄介だ。=I wanted to stare at her more but, Rino-chan's right here. Things would get much more annoying if she notices anything.
……しかし、どうやら俺がその気である”印”にやっと乙羽ちゃんが気付いたことを確認できた。=....Still, I managed to confirm that Otoha-chan finally noticed the "sign" I was giving her.
目線が、俺の下半身中央に逸らされずに固定されて、瞳がわずかに潤みながら揺れている。=Her gaze was fixed on my lower half, and I could see her eyes getting almost moist and shakey.
それだけで莉乃ちゃんの存在すら、どうでもよくなってしまう。=That alone was enough for me to not even remotely give a damn about Rino-chan being there anymore.
『乙羽』=『Otoha.』
『ん、あっ、う、うん！！だ、大丈夫だよ！』=『Nn, ah--, y-yeah!! I-I'm okay!』
事情も状況も一切分かっていない莉乃ちゃんが、こちらをじっと見つめてきた。表情が険しい。=Not knowing or understanding a single thing, Rino-chan just looked at me. With a pretty severe gaze at that.
『はぁ。…あの、何か用があって来たの？』=『Haah. ...Hey. Did you come here because you needed something?』
『あ…ああ。…そういえばあったな』=『Ah... yeah. ...Now that you say it.』
『な、何……かな？』=『W-What... is it?』
乙羽ちゃんの反応が余計に莉乃ちゃんの怪訝そうな態度を深めてしまっているようだ。=Otoha-chan's reaction only served to deepen the suspicion and doubt on Rino-chan's face.
『麗子姉さん…乙羽ちゃんのお母さんに渡して欲しいものがあるから、帰りに用務員室に寄ってもらえないかな？』=『There's something I need to pass onto Reiko-nee-san... your mom, so could you come over to the custodian's room on your way back?』
『よ、用務員室に…？！…う、うん！わかった。今日、お母さんはＰＴＡの会議で学校に来るからその時に渡しとくね』=『T-The custodian's room...?! ...O-Okay! Got it. Mom's going to be coming over for the PTA meeting, so I'll pass it on then.』
『麗子姉さんは俺と会いたくないだろうし、悪いけどお願いするよ』=『She probably doesn't want to see me as much as I don't want to see her, so sorry but I'll have to trouble you.』
『ねえ、乙羽。私、時間あるし、良かったら用務員室に一緒についていこうか？…なんていうか…気になるし』=『Hey, Otoha. I've got some time so, want me to come with you? ... I... can't help but be curious.』
『気になる…？…う、ううん！私ひとりで大丈夫だよ』=『Curious...? ...N-No! It's fine, I can go by myself.』
『…そっか。乙羽がそういうなら…わかった』=『...I see. If you say so then...』
『じゃあ、用事も済んだし、おじさんはまた仕事に戻るよ』=『Well, I got what I came here for, so I'll go back to my work. See you girls later.』
話をしながらたっぷりと若い体を視姦できた。そろそろ引き揚げよう。=I got to savour her body lots as we talked anyway. Best to retreat for now.
最後に２人を足の爪先から頭のてっぺんまでをもう１度舐め回すように見てから、俺は体育館を後にした。=After licking them with my eyes from head to toe one last time, I left the gym behind.
『行っちゃった…』=『He's gone...』
『乙羽、本当に大丈夫…？なんか変だよ？』=『Otoha, are you sure you're okay...? You seem kinda weird, you know?』
『乙羽…？』=『Otoha...?』
『あっ！…うん、ご、ごめん。またぼーっとしてた』=『Ah--! ...Yeah, s-sorry. I was spacing out.』
『呼び声が聞こえなくなるぐらい、私は莉乃ちゃんの隣でおじさんのことばかりを考えていた。』=『I was so absorbed in thinking about him, that I didn't even notice her calling out to me, even though I was standing right next to her.』
『あ…あんなことを…シて…、それに今さっきもずっと話してる間中、体をジロジロ見られて…』=『A... After all, we did do... something like that... not to mention, he was staring at my body the whole time as we talked and...』
『お…おじさん……勃起……してた……。』=『H... He... had an... erection...』
『それを見て………初めて…エッチしたことを思い出して…私……すごく…濡れちゃってる……。』=『Looking at that... reminded me... of the first time we did it... and... I'm... so wet now...』
『もうちょっと一緒に練習しようと思うんだけど…集中しにくいなら今日はもうやめとこうか？』=『I was thinking of getting some more practice in but... if you can't focus, should we call it for today?』
『う、ううん！全然大丈夫だよ』=『N-No! I'm fine, really.』
『ああ…休憩したのに、体の芯が熱い…。ほんとは大丈夫じゃないけど…しっかりしなきゃ』=『Aah... even though we were taking a break, my core's even hotter than before now... I'm not fine at all but... I gotta get a grip.』
『…それにしても、莉乃ちゃん、なんでそこまで私とおじさんのこと気にするのかな…？』=『...Still, why is she that bothered about things between me and uncle...?』
『昔よりも距離を置いてるような気がするし…。…おじさんと莉乃ちゃんって…何かあったのかな？』=『It feels like she's more distant than before too... Did something happen... between the two of them?』
『んー…じゃあ、もうちょっとだけがんばろっか』=『Nnn... then, let's keep at it a bit longer, okay?』
『う、うん！！』=『O-Okay!!』
『気を抜くとボーっとしちゃう。莉乃ちゃんにこれ以上変に思われたくないし、怪我にも気を付けないと…！』=『I'm gonna space out again, if I let my guard down. Focus! I don't want her to think of me as any weirder than she already does, and I gotta be careful not to injure myself too...』
『部活体験お疲れ様。といっても、２人でずっと基礎をやっただけどね』=『Great work today. In the end we ended up just doing the basics all day though.』
『莉乃ちゃんもお疲れ様。基礎でも私には結構な運動になったよ』=『You too, Rino-chan. Even if they were just the basics, it was still a hard workout for me.』
『実際の部活でも基礎練は多いけど、そればっかりじゃないからね。今日、楽しんでもらえてたらいいんだけど…』=『We do a lot of those in the club on the daily too but, don't think that's all there is to it, okay? I hope you enjoyed it anyway...』
『…？』=『...?』
『楽しくなかったかな？』=『Was it not fun?』
『え！？なんで？』=『Eh!? Why do you ask?』
『ほら、休憩終わったあたりから、なんだか上の空っていうか…あんまり集中出来てないみたいだったから』=『I mean, you know. After that break, you were kind of distracted the whole time... at least it looked like that to me.』
『そんなことないよ。確かにちょっとボーっとしちゃったけど、すごく楽しかったよ』=『It's not like that. I know I spaced out a bit but, it was still really fun.』
『そっか。それならいいんだ。新体操、乙羽にも興味持って欲しかったし、またよかったら一緒にしようよ』=『I see. Glad to hear that then. I really want you to get into it, so if you want, let's do it again sometime.』
『うん。…明日は普通に部活があるの？』=『Sure. ...Do you have normal club activities tomorrow?』
『ううん。部活はあるけど、部員集めて大会の…あっ！その事で顧問の先生と話し合いがあったんだ！』=『No. The club is gathering but, it's a discussion group for the coming tourna... ah--! I was supposed to go talk to the advisor about that!』
『え、そうなの？』=『Eh, really?』
『楽しくてすっかり忘れてた。ここを閉めて鍵を持っていかないと！わわ…あと１０分もないじゃん！』=『It completely slipped my mind. I need to close up and go! Wawah... I gotta be there in less than 10 minutes!』
『早く着替えなきゃ、えっと…どうしよう。あ、乙羽も着替えなきゃだよね？えっとえっと…』=『I gotta change, erhm... what do I do. Ah, you need to change too, don't you? Erhm, I...』
『あの、急ぎなら、邪魔しちゃ悪いし先にあがるよ』=『Er, if you're in a rush, I'd hate to be in your way, so I can go first.』
『え、でも…』=『Eh, but...』
『帰ってから着替えるから気にしないで』=『I can change after I get home, so don't worry about it.』
『それ助かる。ごめんね！！』=『I'm sorry, thanks!!』
『うん。じゃあ、お先に。バイバイ、会議頑張ってね』=『It's fine. Well, I'm gonna go then. Byebye, good luck with the discussion.』
『ありがとう、じゃあね。気を付けて帰って』=『Thanks, see you later. Be careful on the way back.』
『…休憩中におじさんが来てから、ずっとおじさんのことが頭から離れない。おじさんが…勃起…、してたことも…』=『...Even since he showed up during our break, I haven't been able to get him out of my head at all. Nor the... erection... that he had...』
『莉乃ちゃんに感付かれてないかな…？あれからもなかなか集中できなくて結局心配かけちゃった…。』=『I hope she didn't suspect anything... I wasn't able to concentrate at all after that, and I ended up worrying her...』
『せっかく部活体験させてもらってたところだったのに。でも、あんな状態で見つめられたら、私…』=『Even though she was showing me around her club too. But, seeing him like that...』
『……シちゃったコト……その時のおじさんの目線、部屋の匂い、肌の温度…全部思い出しちゃった。』=『...made me remember all of it... his gaze, the smell in the air, the warmth of his skin... everything we did.』
『はぁ…この格好…おじさん、すっごく見つめてた。もしかして、こういう服も好きなのかな…』=『Haah... he was staring... so much. Does he like clothes like these...』
『そういえば、おじさんの部屋で見ちゃったエッチな本にこんな格好した女の人いたかも…』=『Come to think of it, I think one of the women in those magazines was wearing something like this....』
『だから…おじさんは、あの時…私と……エッチ…したくなっちゃってた…ってこと？』=『So... does that mean, he wanted... to have... sex... with me... back then?』
『…んっ、もう…またムズムズしてきちゃった…。今からおじさんの部屋に行かなきゃいけないのに…』=『...Nn--, jeez... now I'm feeling all restless down there again... but I need to go visit his room...』
『さ、先に着替えたほうがいいかな…。でも…おじさんがこういうの……もし本当に好きなら………』=『M-Maybe I should go and change first... But... if he really... likes clothes like these then...』
『ん、あ…どんどん…体が熱くなってきてる。……まさか、私…エッチなこと期待してるの…？』=『Nn, ah... my body's... getting hotter and hotter... ...Am I, hoping... for something lewd again...?』
『補習についてくために勉強に集中するって、もうしないって決めたばかりなのに、やだ…恥ずかしい…。』=『Even though I already made up my mind to focus on my studies instead, to never go to him for it again, gosh... this is so embarrassing...』
『おじさんは今どう思ってるんだろう…。もしかして…あの後…、私で…オ、オナニー、したとか…』=『I wonder what's going through his mind right now... I wonder, did he... m-masturbate... to my body... after, that...』
『それとも、私ひとりが盛り上がっちゃってるのかな…』=『Or am I the only one who's losing my mind like this...』
『…ヘンな期待をしたり、エッチな気分になってるのを自覚したり…。ぐるぐる考えてたら、あっという間に着いちゃった。』=『...Expecting things I shouldn't be expecting, and knowing that I was getting into a naughty mood... with my head spinning with thoughts like that, I found myself at his door.』
『私、着替えないで…わざとこの格好で、おじさんに会うんだ。……声が震えちゃいそう。』=『I, didn't change after all... I'm going to see him, like this. ...I can already tell my voice is going to shake.』
『お、おじさん、来たよ』=『U-Uncle, I'm here.』
『待っていたよ。さあ、入って』=『I've been waiting. Come on in.』
『…お、お邪魔します』=『...E-Excuse me then.』
『別にまだ何もヘンなことなんてしないのに…。ドキドキし過ぎて心臓が爆発しそう…』=『Even though we haven't done anything weird yet.... my heart's pounding so much, it feels like it's going to explode...』
『来てくれてありがとう。…おや。なんでまだ体操服なんだい？』=『Thanks for coming. ...Oh? Why're you still dressed like that?』
『あ…えっと…これは…。莉乃ちゃんが会議があるのを忘れてて、すごく慌てて出たから…』=『Ah... erhm... this is... Rino-chan forgot about a group discussion so, she had to run out and...』
『じゃあ、莉乃ちゃんはあのレオタードのまま会議に行ったのかい？』=『Then, did she run out in that leotard of hers?』
『う、ううん…。多分莉乃ちゃんは急いで着替えて行ったと思う』=『N-No... I think she probably changed out of it in a hurry.』
『じゃあ乙羽ちゃんも着替える時間はあったよね？体操服はレオタードより着替えやすそうだし』=『So you had time to change out of your clothes too then, no? I feel like your clothes would be easier to change out of too.』
『う、うう…』=『U-Uu....』
『おじさんがすぐに私の恰好の話をしたのにもびっくりしたけど』=『I'm surprised he immediately brought up the topic of my clothes, but--』
『それ以上に、私の気持ちを見透かされているような気がして、言葉が出てこない。』=『More than that, it feels like he saw right through me, and I can't get a word out.』
『さっき会った時、おじさんが乙羽ちゃんをじっくり見てチンポが勃起してるのがバレてたかなぁ？』=『When I met you two earlier, did you notice my erection?』
『え、ええ…？！』=『E-Eeh...?!』
『それで、おじさんの為にそんなエッチな恰好でわざわざ会いに来てくれたのかい？』=『Is that why you came here looking so lewd like that? Just for my sake?』
『え、そ…そんな…』=『Eh, t... that's....』
『わざとこの格好で来たことを言い当てられるなんて…、ううぅ……ご、誤魔化さなきゃ…。』=『How did he guess that I... uuu... I-I need to hide it...』
『そ、そんな、つ、つもりじゃないよ…？そ、それに…ぼ…、勃起って…してただなんて…わ、わかんない』=『T-That's not, w-what I was going for, you know...? N-Not to mention... I-I... didn't... notice... a-anything like that.』
『そうかあ。でも、確かにおじさんの股間をチラチラ見ていたような気がしたんだけどなぁ。勘違いかな？』=『That so? But I'm pretty sure I felt your gaze on my crotch though. Was I just mistaken?』
『乙羽ちゃんもおじさんが見てるのを知っていたよね。その服の下のおっぱいやおマンコをじっと見てたんだよ』=『You realized that I was looking at you too, right? I was looking right at your boobs and pussy buried under your clothes.』
『みっ、見られてたのは…し、知ってた…けど…』=『I--, I did... r-realize... but...』
『汗まみれになってる体操服の乙羽ちゃんがとってもいやらしくってねぇ』=『You looked just so obscenely sexy in those sweaty gym clothes, you see~』
『それが乙羽ちゃんも分かったから、体操服のまま来て、おじさんを誘ってるんじゃないのかな？』=『And you realized that too, so you came here in those clothes just to seduce me, no?』
『そ、そんなこと……な、ないよぉ…』=『T-That's not... t-true...』
『咄嗟にまた嘘をついて…。でももう…こんなの、言い訳も誤魔化しも…出来ない………。』=『I lied to him again... but I can't... make excuses about it, or hide it... at all anymore...』
『そうかなあ。そうは思えないけどなあ。まぁ、また目の前で見せられておじさん興奮しちゃったよ』=『Really now? It really doesn't seem like it though. Well, either way I'm feeling aroused again, looking at you like this.』
『乙羽ちゃんがおじさんを興奮させてたんだから…。そうだな、責任を取ってくれないかな？』=『And you're the one who made me feel this way so... let's see, could you take responsibility?』
『そんなこと言われたら…ギリギリ、我慢してたのが…一気に吹き飛んで…』=『Everything I've been doing to endure... just got pushed aside... with just that one line...』
『せ、責任…。で、でも……』=『R-Responsibility... B-But...』
『…つまり、責任って………そういうことだよね…？…私がこんな格好で来たんだから…』=『...Basically, he means... "that", right...? Since I came here in clothes like these...』
『大丈夫。挿入[い/2]れないから、それならいいよね？』=『Don't worry. I won't put it in. You shouldn't mind it then either, right?』
『え、いれない…の…？』=『Eh, you... won't...?』
『い、いれないんだ…。前みたいに…口とかで…するのかな…。』=『H-He won't... is he going to... make me use... my mouth like last time then...』
『目の前にいる魅力的な乙羽ちゃんで興奮し過ぎて…チンポがもうガチガチで苦しいんだよ』=『Seeing you standing there so sexily's made me so aroused... my cock's already painfully rock hard.』
『私が…誘っちゃったせい…だよね。おじさんが苦しいのは…私のせいだし…仕方ないこと、だよね…？』=『It's because I... seduced him... isn't it. He's suffering... because of me... so it can't be helped, right...?』
『仕方ない…。それに…い、いれないなら………』=『It can't be helped... plus... i-if he won't put it in then...』
『わ、…わかった…い、いれないなら……いいよ…』=『G... Got it... i-if you won't put it in then... okay...』
『助かるなぁ。じゃあ、乙羽ちゃん、ブルマを脱いで、それでおじさんのチンポを包んでシゴいてくれないかな』=『You're a lifesaver. Well then, Otoha-chan, could you take off your bloomers and rub me off with them?』
『えっ！そ、そんな…っ、私の穿いてたやつなんて、汗まみれだし…き、汚いよ…！』=『Eh--!? T-That's...--! I've been wearing it all day, it's drenched... i-it's filthy...!』
『でも、おじさん、こういうのも大好きで、それで射精したいんだ』=『But I love this sort of thing too, so I want to ejaculate with it.』
『っ、そ、そんな…。はぁっ…はぁっ…』=『T-That's... haah--... haaaah--....』
『乙羽ちゃんのブルマに、おじさんの匂いをたっぷり染みつけたいんだよ』=『I want to stain your bloomers, with my own smell, Otoha-chan.』
『どうしよう…私、すごいこと言われちゃってるのに…それで息が荒くなって…ものすごくドキドキしてる。』=『What do I do... even though, he's saying something so wild... I'm out of breath over it... and my heart's pounding.』
『運動した後に穿いてたのを脱いでそれでおチンチンを…シゴくなんて…変態なことに、興奮しちゃってる……。』=『Making me take off something I've been working out in all day... and having me rub him off with it... I'm getting aroused, over something so pervy....』
『乙羽ちゃんは嫌かい？おじさんのお願い、聞いてくれないかな？』=『Do you hate the idea, Otoha-chan? Is it really that undoable a request? Please?』
『おじさんにそんなお願いされたら……断れないよ…。』=『He's asking so adamantly... I can't say no...』
『わ…、わかった……』=『G... Got it...』
『おぉっ…、乙羽ちゃんの脱ぎたてのブルマ…、すごく温かくて…イヤラシイ匂いが…』=『Ooh--... your fresh and hot bloomers... they're so warm... and smell so...』
『やだ…、恥かしいこと言わないで…』=『Gosh... don't say that, please, it's so embarrassing...』
『はずかしがってないで…、ほら、そのままチンポを握って手を上下に動かしてごらん』=『It's nothing to be so shy over... C'mon, squeeze down just like that and move your hand up and down.』
『こ…、こう…？』=『L... Like this...?』
『うぉ…、うん、そうだよ。上手だねぇ…。凄く気持ちいいよ』=『Uwoh... yep, that's it. You're so good at this... it feels great.』
『な…、ならよかった』=『I'm... I'm glad.』
『じゃあこのまま続けて。おじさんを気持ちよくさせてくれるかい？』=『Just keep going like this and make your uncle happy then, will you?』
『う、うん…。分かった。私、おじさんが気持ちよくなれるように…、頑張る、ね…？』=『O-Okay... got it. I'll do my best to... make you happy...』
『はぁ、はぁっ…はぁっ…んっ…はぁ…』=『Haah, haah--... haah--... nn--.. haahh...』
『乙羽ちゃんの手コキ、すごくよかったよ』=『Otoha-chan, that was a fantastic handjob.』
『そんなっ…恥ずかしいっ…。んん…』=『Don't--... it's embarrassing--.... nnn....』
『んっ、お、おじさんだって、おチンチン…まだビクビクして…っんっ、すごく…硬い…っ』=『Nn--, y-your dick is... still twitching so much... nn--, and still so... hard...--』
『ふふ、それは乙羽ちゃんのおマンコの中に入りたくて仕方なくなってるからだよ』=『Fufuh, this is because it wants to be inside your pussy so bad that it can barely take it, Otoha-chan.』
『や、やだあ…ダメだよ…』=『G-Gosh... we can't...』
『乙羽ちゃんも興奮してチンポを欲しがってるだろう？しっかりほぐすから…挿入[い/2]れようか』=『You're going into heat and want it too, no? I'll loosen you up properly so... shall we?』
『おじさん、もうどうしても我慢できないよ』=『Your uncle can't hold on any longer, Otoha-chan.』
『はー、はー…そ、それはしないって言ったのに…』=『Haah, haah... b-but you said that you wouldn't...』
『でも、ものすごく挿入[い/2]れて欲しそうにしているよ。ほら…もう触っていないのにヒクンヒクンさせて…』=『But you look like you're really craving it, you know? Look... you're already twitching down there, and you're not even touching it anymore.』
『それは…っ、んっあっ…で、でもぉ…いれるのは…』=『That's...--! Nn--, ah--... b-but... putting it inside...』
『そう言ってても、ヌルヌルで淫らに濡れてるのはおチンポ頂戴って意味なんだよ』=『Even if you say that, your body's crying out for it, you know? Getting that wet and twitchy is a signal that it wants it.』
『だ…だけど…。はぁはぁ…はぁはぁ…』=『I... It is but... haahaaaah.... haaahaaaah....』
『んん？それともおじさんとはもうしたくないのかな？』=『Nnn? Or is it that you don't want to do it with uncle anymore?』
『はぁ、はぁ…そ、そういう意味じゃない、けど…。あっ、ぁ…ぅ…』=『Haah, haah... t-that's not, it but.... ah--, ah... uu....』
『だったら、いいよね？』=『Then it's fine, isn't it?』
『ん、やっ…ダメだよぉ…』=『Nn, no--... we can't...』
『おマンコが猛烈にチンポを貪りたがってるんだよ？さっきからお汁が涎みたいに…亀頭で掬ってあげるね』=『Your pussy's really begging for it, you know? It's gushing out so hard... let me scoop some up with my tip.』
『んあぁっ！…はっはっ、あっ、ああっ…』=『Nnaaah--! ...Hah--, hah--, ah--, aaah--....』
『ほら、乙羽ちゃんもしっかり悦んでるじゃないか』=『See? Aren't you loving it too?』
『はぁはぁはぁ…で、でもぉ…。はぁはぁ…』=『Haaahaaaahaaaah... b-but... haaahaaaaah...』
『さあ、しっかり奥まで咥えさせてあげるね』=『C'mon now, I'll let you savour it all the way to your depths.』
『…ぁ、や…』=『...Ah, no...』
『ん、ひっ…ぅ、んっぁあああっ…！！！！』=『Nn, hih--... uu, nn--, aaaaaaaaaah--...!!!!!!!!!!』
『おお、おお…。淫肉がぴっちりとしゃぶりついてくるねえ…』=『Ooh, oooh... your folds are really clinging on to me...』
『あっ、はっ…ぁっ、や…っはいっちゃ…っ、…んんっ、ぁ…』=『Ah--, hah--... ah--, no.... it went in.... nnn--, ah....』
『そうだよ。挿入[はい/2]ったんだ。たっぷり楽しませてあげるね。そらっ…』=『Yep, it went in. I'll make you feel amazing, so you know. Take this--...』
『やあ、あっ、あっ…ああっ、あっあっ…んっ、あっはっ、あっ…あっぁ、あぁ…』=『Yaah, ah--, ah--.... aaah--, ah--, ah--... nn--, ah--, hah--, ah--... ah--, ah, aaah...』
『ちょっと動いただけでこんなにスケベ汁をまき散らしてしようのない肉穴だなぁ』=『What a hopeless hole you have, gushing out your slutty juices everywhere just from me moving a bit.』
『はっ、あっ、ご、ごめんな、っひゃぃっ…んっんんっあうっ…んあっ、んうう…っあんっ』=『Hah--, ah--, I-I'm shor, rrhyh--.... Nnnnn--, auu--... nnnah--, nnnnuuh--.... ahn--』
『いいんだよ。おじさんは欲張りなおマンコが大好きだから。もっともっとチンポをねだるようにしてあげるね』=『It's fine. I love greedy pussies like yours, so I'll teach it how to beg properly.』
『こんなのっ…あっあっ、んっ…あっ…はっあっ…』=『This is--... ah--, ah--, nn--... ah--... hah--, ah--...』
『こんなの、なんだい？言ってごらん』=『This is, what? Try telling me.』
『はぁ、あっ、こんな…んっ…あっ、んあ…っ…』=『Haah, ah--, this... nn--... ah--, nnah...--...』
『…っ？！！』=『...--!?!?』
『っ…！！！』=『--...!!!』
『はぁ…あの子ったら、言ってた時間にも来ないし…』=『Haah... that girl, not only was she not back home at the time I told her to be...』
『嘘っ……お、母さん……？！』=『No way--... m-mom...!?』
『何度かけても電話にも出ないし…。ああ、まったく。どこで何をしてるのかしら…？』=『But she's not answering my calls either... Aah, good grief. Just where is she and what is she doing...?』
『電話…？あっ、マナーモードでカバンの中っ…！！』=『Calls...? Ah--, I put it on silent and then put it in my bag--...!!』
『あの子がいそうな所って…もうここしかないじゃないの』=『The only place other place she could be... is here. Where else would she be?』
『時間って、乙羽ちゃん…？』=『Otoha-chan, "time"...?』
『っ…お母さんに部活活動のこと軽く話すって約束してて…っで、でもここに来るなんて……！』=『--!.... I promised her that I'd tell her about the club activities... b-but I didn't think she'd come here...!』
『乙羽ー、いるのー？…そこにいるんでしょう？』=『Otoha! Are you here? ...You are, aren't you?』
『と、ともかく…押し入れの中へ…！！』=『A-Anyways... inside the closet, now...!!』
『何よ、ここにもいないわけ…？…もう。これからＰＴＡ会議で時間がないっていうのに』=『What, she's not here either...? ...Jeez. I'm almost out of time too, with the PTA meeting.』
『ど、どうしよう……』=『W-What do we do...』
『っ…！？』=『--...!?』
『……はい、もしもし。…はい、…はい。１５ページ…ですか…？…ええ、手元にありますけど…』=『....Hello. Yes. ...Yes, ...yes. Page 15... you say...? ...Yes, I do have it on hand right here...』
『はい。ええ…わかりました。こちらで確認します。はい。大丈夫です。今すぐ取り掛かりますから。はい…では』=『Yes. Yes... I understand. I'll check it myself. Yes. It's alright. I'll take care of it right away. Yes... Goodbye.』
『…はあ。忙しい時に限って…何よ、記載ミスって。…もうここでやっていくしかないわね』=『...Haah... just when I'm in a rush too... surrounded by incompetents, I swear. ....No choice, I'll have to take care of it here.』
『…ええ、ここでって…嘘……』=『...Eeeh, no way... why here...』
『汚らしいけど机も一応あるみたいだし。さて…えっと…１５ページ……項目、８の……』=『What a filthy little hole, but I suppose there is a desk for me to use. Let's see... erhm... page 15... clause 8...』
『…そうだ。あの子に用務員室にいるって連絡しなきゃ。下手に探し回られて、すれ違っても困るし…』=『...Oh right. I should tell her I'm in the custodian's room. It'd be annoying to run past each other...』
『ＬＩＭＥしておけばいいわね。えっと…”あなたが来ないのでお母さんは用務員室で作業をしています”』=『LIME should be fine, right? Erm... "You didn't come so I'm taking care of some work in the custodian's room waiting for you."』
『”ＰＴＡの会合が始まり次第、会議室に行きます”…と。…はぁ。本当にあの子はどこで何してるのかしら』=『"Once the PTA meeting starts, I'll be in the conference room instead. Mom." ...there. ...Haah. Just what could she be doing right now?』
『お、おじさん…どうしよう……』=『U-Uncle... what do we do...』
『ど、どうって……出ていけないだろう。大変なことになるぞ。あと、もっと声を抑えて…』=『W-What do you mean... we can't exactly go out. It'll turn into a real mess. Also, quieter...』
『っ、ぁ、うん…あの…っ、お、おじさん…もしかして…あのえっと…はぁ、ぅ…』=『--!, ah, okay... uhm... u-uncle... by any chance... uhm, erhm... haah, uu...』
『なんだい…？』=『What is it...?』
『き、気のせいかもしれないけど…おじさんのおチンチン…大きく…なっていってる…？』=『I-I might just be imagining it but... isn't your dick... getting... bigger...?』
『ああ、バレちゃったかな。乙羽ちゃんとくっついているとどうしてもこうなっちゃうんだよ』=『Aah, so you noticed, huh? I just can't help it, it does it by itself whenever you're so close.』
『で、でも…すぐそこに、お母さんがいるのにっ…』=『B-But... mom's right there--...』
『そういう乙羽ちゃんだって、息が荒くなってまた太ももまでお汁が垂れてきているよ…？』=『You say that, but your breath's getting rough and I can feel your thighs getting drenched, you know...?』
『っ、そ、それはっ……。っは…ぁ…』=『T-That's--... haah... ah...』
『お母さんがいるのに、おじさんチンポを誘惑するすべすべの太ももとヌメヌメおマンコにはお仕置きだ』=『Looks like I need to punish these wet and lewd thighs and this soppy wet pussy of yours, they're trying to seduce me when your mom's right there.』
『ぇ、お、おじさん…！う、動かさないで…！んっ、ぁっ…や、…う、んっ…』=『Eh, u-uncle...!? D-Don't...! Nn--, ah--... yah.. uu, nn--....』
『どんどん濡れてきてるぞ。もしかしてこういうのも好きなのかな…？』=『You're getting wetter and wetter. Do you actually like stuff like this...?』
『ち…違うよぉ…。あっ、ぅ…、ぅ…っ』=『I... I don't... ah--, uu... uu...』
『ああ、もう辛抱できない！』=『Aah, I can't take it anymore!』
『え、え、ど、どういうこと…？！』=『Eh, eh, w-what do you mean...?!』
『ごめんね、乙羽ちゃんがいやらしすぎてもう我慢できないよ。挿入[いれ/2]れるからね』=『Sorry, you're so slutty I just can't take it anymore. I'm gonna put it in.』
『う、嘘っ、おじさっ…』=『N-No way--, unc--...』
『んっ…～～～～っ！！！』=『Nn--.....~~~~!!!』
『…さて、もう時間みたいね。行かなくちゃ』=『...Now then, it's about time. I gotta go.』
『ふぅ……結局、あの子から返信もないままだわ。こんな時間まで何も連絡を寄越さないなんて、後からキツく言わなきゃ』=『Fuuh... in the end, I didn't receive a reply either. I'll have to scold her later, for not contacting me even though it's gotten so late.』
『はぁ、会議…長引かないといいのだけど。他にもまだ予定があるんだから…』=『Haah, the meeting too... I hope it doesn't go on too long. Even I have things to take care of...』
『ふー……やっとか』=『Fuuh... finally.』
『…や、やっとお母さん、行ってくれた……』=『...S-She finally left....』
やっと麗子姉さんが去ってくれた。人の部屋に勝手に上がった上に作業までするとは=Reiko-nee-san finally left. In the end, she hasn't changed a bit. She's the same old nasty bitch of an older sister that keeps putting
相変わらず、上品ぶって忙しいが口癖のいけすかない姉だ。ＰＴＡにしろ何があるにしろ、大した用事じゃないくせに。=on airs about how busy she is, to the point of just barging into someone else's room and using it as her office. Even though the PTA stuff is a ceremonial post at best.
衣服を軽く整え、狭い押し入れから部屋に出た瞬間――――=After fixing her clothes, the moment she stepped out of the closet--
『おっと、乙羽ちゃん…大丈夫かい？』=『Woah, Otoha-chan... are you okay?』
乙羽ちゃんがふらっとよろめいた。慌てて体を支える。=She stumbled and almost fell. I rushed to catch her.
『あ、ご…ごめんなさい。でも、どうなることかと思って……。安心したら気が抜けちゃって…』=『Ah, I'm... I'm sorry. But I was really scared there... so I just felt a bit dizzy after she was gone...』
『そこまでハラハラしてたんだねえ』=『You were that tense about it, huh?』
『おっ、おじさんが、お母さんがいるのに、な、中で…す、するから…！』=『I-It's your fault, uncle, d-doing it... i-in there, even though mom was right there...!』
『それに…私…エッチなことに夢中で…約束忘れて…。うう…』=『And... I forgot... my promise too her too... in the heat of the moment... uuu....』
『お母さん、離婚してからずっと私のために忙しくしてるのに…』=『Even though she's always been doing this and that for me ever since she got divorced...』
罪悪感と快感の間で揺れ動く乙羽ちゃんに、ちょっとした意地悪な悪戯心がわいた。=As she was busy feeling torn over the pleasure and the guilt, a mean and naughty thought crossed my mind.
『その割には、思いっきり絶頂してたじゃないか』=『You sure climaxed hard for someone so worried about all that.』
『そ、それ…は………っ』=『T-That's....』
『おマンコの具合も前より良くなって、イク時なんて痛いぐらい締め付けてきていたし…』=『Your pussy felt better than before too, and when you came, you clenched down so hard it almost hurt...』
『そ、そんな………そんなこと…い、言わないで』=『D-Don't... don't say... t-that.』
『乙羽ちゃんは、イケナイことをしてるほうが感じて淫乱になってしまうタイプなのかな？』=『Are you the type of girl that enjoys it more and turns sluttier when it's something "bad" or "wrong"?』
『ち、違うよっ！！そうじゃないもん…！』=『I-I'm not--!! I'm not like that...!』
『そうかなあ…。乙羽ちゃんはまだ気付いてないだけかもしれないよ？』=『I don't know... it might just be that you've not realized it yet, you know?』
『う…うう…そう言われたら…わ、わかんないけど…』=『Uu.... uuu... I mean, when you say it like that... I-I don't know...』
『前よりも気持ちよかったかい？』=『Well, did it feel better than last time?』
『………う、…うん』=『....Y... Yeah...』
途端に、じっと黙り込んでしまった。=Suddenly, she went quiet.
『あの…お、おじさん…私、お母さんが…あんな近くにいたのに…その、気持ちよくなっちゃってて…』=『Uhm... u-uncle... even though mom was... so close by, I... uhm, I was loving it...』
『やっぱりこれって…その……ふ、普通じゃないよね。私がおかしいのかな…？』=『This really isn't... uhm... i-it's not normal, is it? Am I weird...?』
『もしかして…無理して…私のヘンな部分に付き合ってくれたの…？』=『Did you... force yourself to... go along with my weird side...?』
どうやら少し言い過ぎて、不安にさせてしまったようだ。この前まで処女だった子特有の疑問というか…。=I think I said too much, as she was getting uneasy now. I guess it's only natural, she was a virgin until just the other day after all...
やってしまった俺にも責任はある。どうにか言いくるめて落ち着かせよう。=It's my fault, since I'm the one who said all that. I'll have to calm her down somehow.
『うーん、ちょっと特殊ではあるけどね。…でも、皆、１つぐらいはそういう趣味を持ってるものなんだよ』=『Nnn, it is pretty quirky, I'd say. ...But you know, everyone has one or two fetishes like that.』
『だから、乙羽ちゃんが特別おかしいとか変だとかではないよ。おじさんも興奮しちゃったからね』=『So you're not weird or strange or anything like that, Otoha-chan. I got really aroused over it too.』
『そ、そういうものなの…？』=『I-Is that how it works...?』
まだ不安そうな目をしている。少し面倒に思いながらも、この流れでリクエストしてしまおうと思いついた。=She was still looking at me with uneasy eyes. It was a bit annoying but, I suddenly had the thought to make a request out of it.
『そうだよ。ちょっと意地悪を言い過ぎたかな。…そうだなあ。おじさんの趣味っていえば…』=『That's right. Sorry, I didn't mean to be mean there. ...I mean, as far as my own fetishes go...』
うまくいけば、また今日のように運よく聞き入れてもらえるチャンスがあるかもしれない。=If I spin this well, she might unconditionally do as I say again next time, just like today.
『例えば、この体操服とかね。ついでに言えば、学校で着る水着、俗にいうスクール水着とかも好きだよ』=『For example, I love gym clothes like that. And if we're talking about clothes, I love the so called school swimsuits too, the blue ones with name tags on them.』
『そ、そうなの…？』=『R-Really...?』
『そうだよ。だから、普通は言わないだけで誰しも何かエッチなことへの拘りとか趣味があるんだ。…これでちょっとは安心したかな？』=『Yep. So everyone has a lewd fetish or two that they normally never talk about. ...Does that make you feel better?』
『……うん。…あ、ありがとう』=『...Yeah. ...T-Thanks.』
安心をして少し嬉しそうな顔をしているのは、素直な乙羽ちゃんらしい。=The happy and relieved smile on her face was just like her usual obedient self.
なんだかんだ言いながらも、乙羽ちゃんも相当なスキモノだな、と早くもまた滾ってしまいそうになる。=Still, though I said all that, she was still quite the pervert, and I could feel my cock itching for an excuse, any excuse, to get up again.
そんなことを考えていたら、覗かないでね と言いながら制服に着替えるためにまた押入れに入っていった。=Even as I was thinking such things, after telling me to not peek in, Otoha-chan went back into the closet to get changed.
あれだけ乱れて痴態を晒していたのに、俺の前で着替えるのは恥ずかしいらしい。=Even though we'd already done all that, the idea of changing in front of me still seemed to embarrass her.
『あ、おじさん。私もうそろそろ行くね。今日は、お母さんに叱られちゃうな…』=『Ah, uncle. I'm gonna go too, okay? Mom's going to really scold me today...』
『ああ、気を付けて帰るんだよ。大事な”勉強”をしていたんだから叱られてもあまり気にしちゃ駄目だよ？』=『Alright, be careful on your way back. You were in the middle of some very important "studies", so don't mind it even if she does, okay?』
『…っ、も…もう。…わかった。ぁ、ありがとう。じゃあ、またね……』=『...--! J... Jeez, dummy... Okay. T-Thanks, uncle. See you later then...』
『急いで帰らなきゃ…』=『I gotta hurry back...』
『はい、もしもし』=『Yes, hello?』
『もしもし、乙羽ー。今日は急がせちゃってごめんね。ちゃんと謝りたくて。…もう家だよね？』=『Hey, Otoha. Sorry for rushing you out like that today. I wanted to apologize. ...You're home now, right?』
『大丈夫だよ。あ…ううん。家じゃないの。まだ帰り道。急いで帰ってるところ』=『It's fine, don't worry. Ah... no, I'm not home yet. Still on the way. I was just rushing back.』
『えっ、そうなの？…あれからどこに？？』=『Eh--, really? ...Where did you go after that??』
『あー…えっと、おじさんにお母さんに渡すものを頼まれてたでしょ。それを受け取ってて…』=『Ah... erhm, well, you remember how uncle asked me to pick up something for my mom, right? Well, I went to grab that and...』
『そ、そうなんだ。それにしてもちょっと遅すぎない？……何かあった？大丈夫？』=『I-I see. Still, that's a lot of time for an errand like that. ...Did something happen? Are you okay?』
『う、うん。大丈夫だよ。ちょっと…話をしてただけ。あ、そうだ。相談っていうか…』=『Y-Yeah. I'm okay. We just... chatted a bit. Ah, right. I want to ask...』
『ん、なになに？』=『Nn, what is it?』
『お誘い、かな…。莉乃ちゃんと普通に遊びたくて…。前に、プールが開放されてるって教えてくれたよね？』=『Well just, I want to hang out... I mean, it's been so long since we did anything normal together... You mentioned the pool the other day, right?』
『うん。前教えた通りに申請したら入れるよ』=『Yeah. If you apply for permission beforehand, you can get in.』
『だったら、今度ね、…一緒にプールで遊ばない？』=『So you know, how about we... go have some fun at the pool together sometime?』
ゆっくりと２階の窓辺に沿って廊下を歩いている。やがて、窓の外から明るく賑やかな声が聞こえてきた。=I was making my way along the second floor corridor, by the windows. Before long, I could hear some lively voices coming from outside.
声のする方にはプールがある。ここへ来たのはそれを事前に知っていたからだ。=The direction? The pool. It was of course the reason behind me coming here too.
今朝、乙羽ちゃんとやりとりをしていたＬＩＭＥのメッセージが切っ掛けだ。=It all started with a message I received on LIME this morning from Otoha-chan.
朝の挨拶から始まった話の最中に…。=As we just exchanged greetings and made small talk...
『《えっと、さっきとは全然違う話になっちゃうんだけど…》』=『<Erhm, this is completely off-topic but...>』
乙羽ちゃんと連絡先を交換してから、ほとんど使っていなかったメッセージアプリが少しだけ活発になっていた。=Ever since I exchanged details with Otoha-chan, the message app that I barely ever used became a bit more of an everyday thing for me.
今日は珍しく乙羽ちゃんが話を変えてくる。=But today, she herself changed the conversation, which was unusual.
『《何かな？》』=『<What is it?>』
『《今日は補習がなくて、その代わりじゃないけどすごく楽しみにしてることがあるの。》』=『<I don't have any extra lessons today but, there's something I'm super looking forward to instead.>』
『《どんなことかな？》』=『<What sort of thing?>』
『《プール使用の申請が通ったから、今日学校のプールで莉乃ちゃんと一緒に遊ぶことになってるの。》』=『<We got permission to use the pool so, Rino-chan and I are gonna go have fun there today.>』
『《プールなんて久しぶりだから、緊張もしてるけど…。昔みたいにおじさんも一緒に遊べたらよかったのにな。》』=『<It's been so long since I've been to a pool, so I'm a bit nervous... If only we could play around in it together like we used to.>』
その一文を見た時、遠回しに乙羽ちゃんが俺のことを誘っているのが分かった。=The moment I saw that last little bit, I realized that she was trying to invite me, in her own roundabout way.
隠れていたとはいえ母親の間近でした行為以来、もしかしたら懲りてしまったかと思ったが…=Even if we were hidden, I did make her do that right in front of her mother, so I thought she'd be over me but...
それどころか自分から見に来いという始末だ。この間も結局は、自分の性欲を抑えきれずに俺に会おうとする。=If anything, she was asking me to come see her myself. In the end, she couldn't control her own urges and wanted to see me.
そして再びこちらのリクエストに応えている。…乙羽ちゃんは自分の欲望に目をそらしているのだろう。=And of course, she was doing it in a way that I liked. ...And likely turning a blind eye to her own desires instead.
俺が迫り、仕方なく成り行きで…というかたちで罪悪感を誤魔化しているようだ。=It seemed that by pinning it all on me... she was trying to avoid her own sense of guilt.
朝の仕事をしながら何度かこの廊下にかよって、数度目。…やっと目当ての声が聞こえてくる。=Doing my morning work, I'd already been through this hallway several times. ...But finally, I could hear the voices I was looking for.
弾ける声の元へと、開いている窓の１つから軽く上半身を乗り出して覗いてみた。=Leaning my torso out of an open window, I looked towards the source of the lively voices.
『莉乃ちゃん、待ってー。早いよー』=『Rino-chan, wait~. You're going too fast~.』
『乙羽も早くこっちおいでよー』=『You come over here too, Otoha.』
プールの中には２人の他には誰もいないようだ。=There seemed to be no one there aside from the two of them.
というのも、夏休みにわざわざ家から離れた学校にまで来てプールで泳ごうなどという生徒はほとんどいない。=Well, that was primarily because there were few students who'd come out so far away from their homes just to swim in the school pool.
お陰で邪魔な人影がほとんどない状態で２人をたっぷりと視姦することができる。=But thanks to that, there was almost nobody around who could get in my way, and I could get my fill of staring at them.
『すぐ行くから待っててー』=『I will so just wait up~』
『ふふ、はいはーい』=『Fufuh, yeah sure.』
青い水面を揺らして輝かせながら、健康そうな肢体を晒して笑い合っている。=They laughed together, as they exposed healthy growing bodies on the surface of the water.
『予報だと曇りだったけど、晴れてよかったね』=『The forecast said it'd be cloudy too. It's a good thing it isn't, huh?』
『うん。でもここまで晴れるって思わなかった』=『Yeah. I really didn't think it'd get this sunny though.』
２人とも水に濡れて一層つやつやとした肌が眩しい。=Their skin, even glossier now that they were both wet, was dazzling.
そこへ、濡れた水着が体に吸い付くというよりは、もはや食い込むように若い肉体にしがみついている。=And their wet swimsuits weren't just clinging to their bodies, no. They were almost digging into their youthful bodies.
普段は見えないような僅かな丸みや曲線も、制服と違って隠されることがなく、しっかりと強調されている。=The curves and pits that were usually hidden by their uniforms were in plain sight, emphasized by the light.
『プール日和って感じ。プールの使用申請なんて、実際出したことなかったけど、結構いいね』=『What a perfect swim day. I said all that but, I never actually applied for pool permission before. It's pretty nice.』
『そうなの？莉乃ちゃん、友達多そうだし結構使ってると思ってたよ』=『Really? I for sure thought you came here a lot, with your friends and whatnot.』
『ううん。皆、遊ぶってなったら街のプールのほうに行きたがるからさ。ちょっと遠いけど大きいしね』=『Not really. All the other girls prefer going to the public pool in town. It's a bit far but it's much better than this one.』
『そうなんだ。どれくらい離れてるの？』=『Huh. How far is it?』
『電車で何駅か行かないといけないかな。でも楽しいよ。あ、そういえば…』=『A few stops down the train. But it's a really fun place. Ah, come to think of it...』
『ん？』=『Nn?』
『乙羽からプールに誘ってくれるって、どうしたの？すっごく珍しいじゃん』=『What made you invite me here of all places? It's super unusual.』
『え、あ…そ、そうかな？』=『Eh, ah... r-really?』
『うん、電話で聞いた時は嬉しくて即ＯＫしたけど、さっき水に入って思い出したんだよ』=『Yeah, I nodded along on the phone but, I only just remembered.』
『…思い出すって？』=『...Remembered what?』
『ほら、乙羽って昔は泳ぐの苦手だったよね。確か、水面に顔をつけるの、１０秒ももたなかったじゃない？』=『You know. Haven't you always been terrible at swimming? I remember, you couldn't manage even 10 seconds under the water.』
『う、うん。今も変わらず苦手なんだけど…ほら、この学校だとプール授業が必須みたいだし…』=『Y-Yeah, I'm still terrible at it but... well uhm, you know, we do have mandatory pool classes here...』
『流石にこの年でそこまで泳げないのも恥ずかしいなって。だから慣れておきたくて…』=『And it'd be really embarrassing if I can't swim at all in class even though I'm so old now. So I wanted to get some practice in...』
『そうだったんだ』=『That makes sense.』
俺には言い訳にしか聞こえない乙羽ちゃんの返答も、莉乃ちゃんは笑顔で答えて、乙羽ちゃんの横をすっと泳ぐ。=Rino-chan smiled at the response that only sounded like an excuse to me, and swam by next to Otoha-chan.
その波が乙羽ちゃんの胸の高さを超えて肩を濡らすと冷たそうに体をよじった。=The waves she produced climbed above Otoha-chan's chest, wetting her shoulders and making her shudder from the cool sensation.
『だったら私が特訓してあげるよ』=『In that case, I'll give you some special training.』
『え！？う、嬉しいけど、いきなり沢山泳ぐとかは無理だからね？！』=『Eh!? I-I'd love that but, I really can't swim all that much out of nowhere, okay!?』
『大丈夫。最初はやっぱり水面に顔をつけるとか、ビート板使ってバタ脚の練習からとかかな？』=『Don't worry. We can start with getting you to learn to keep your head down, or learn how to flutter kick with a kickboard. How about that?』
『もー、小学生低学年じゃないんだから』=『Jeez, I'm not in elementary school anymore, you know.』
『あはは、冗談冗談！今日乙羽がどれくらい泳げるか見てから決めるよ』=『Ahahah, I'm joking, joking! Let's see just how much you can swim first, okay?』
『ふふ…莉乃ちゃんって本当にお姉さんみたいで、ちょっとしたこともしっかり考えてくれるよね』=『Fufuh... Rino-chan, you're just like an older sister, you really do think of everything.』
『そう？水泳じゃないけど、部活で後輩とかに色々教えてるから自然とこうなっちゃったかな』=『That so? I mean, I do teach my juniors in the club a lot, even if it's not swimming, so I guess it's just natural?』
返す波が莉乃ちゃんの体を濡らし、髪からしずくが首筋から肩、胸へと伝って丸みをてからせる。=The waves wet her body, and drops of water ran down her hair, drizzling past her neck, her shoulders and finally her chest, making her curves glisten.』
『もしちょっとでも泳げるようになったらさ、今度は私が街のプールに誘うよ』=『If you can pick up how to swim even a bit, I'll take you to the pool in town sometime.』
『え、でも…その…私、可愛い水着とか持ってないし…』=『Eh, but... uhm... I don't, really have any cute swimsuits or anything...』
『だったら一緒に買いに行こう？それまではここのプールで練習だね』=『How about we go shopping for one together then? We can practice here until then.』
『ふふ。ありがとう。……また一緒に学校のプール、入ってくれる？』=『Fufuh, thanks. ...Will you come here again and help me practice if I ask?』
言い終わると、乙羽ちゃんが不自然に長く周囲を見回した。=As she finished the sentence, she scanned the surroundings for an unnaturally long period.
…俺がちゃんと見に来ているかどうか探しているのかもしれない。=...Maybe she was trying to see if I really was watching.
『勿論！…ん？どうしたの？何か音でもした？』=『Of course! ...Nn? What's wrong? Heard a sound or something?』
『あ、う、ううん。じゃあ練習しよっか』=『Ah, n-no. Let's practice then.』
『今日はまず遊ぼう！折角乙羽が誘ってくれたんだもん』=『No, let's play first! You did ask me to come for that, after all.』
『わかった。莉乃ちゃん、色々ありがとうね』=『Okay. Thanks, Rino-chan.』
ちゃぷちゃぷと体を上下に揺すりながら乙羽ちゃんが答える。ソワソワしているようにも見える。=She replied, with her body slowly swaying up and down. You could even say she was being restless.
あの子のことだ。誘いつつも葛藤しているのかもしれない。それでも誘っているのは事実だ。=It was her we're talking about, after all. She was the one who asked me to come but, she might have been feeling guilty about it. Still, it didn't change that she wanted me to be there.
そろそろ自分が何を欲しているのか、はっきり自覚させてやらないと。=I had to clearly make her understand, just what it was she was asking me for.
『あれ、…もうこんな時間？』=『Huh... it's already so late?』
『そういえば…お昼までだっけ？』=『Come to think of it... we got time until noon, didn't we?』
『うん、そろそろ先生が見回りに来る頃かな』=『Yeah, I think the teacher's going to come to check soon.』
『そうなんだ。じゃあ、上がらないと』=『I see. Let's get out then.』
『ん、それじゃ報告してからシャワー浴びて着替えようよ』=『Nn, let's go report it first then take a shower and get changed.』
『莉乃ちゃんの後に続いてプールから上がった。』=『And so I followed her out of the pool, right after her.』
『監視役の先生が見に来るたびに、休憩はしていたけど、水からあがるとやっぱり一気に体が重く感じる。』=『We did take breaks regularly everytime the teacher came to check up on us, but my body felt heavy as soon as I got out.』
『結局おじさんは見かけなかったけど、どこかにいたのかな…それとも来なかった…？』=『In the end, I never did see uncle, I wonder if he was watching from somewhere... or did he not come...?』
『やあ、お二人さん。そろそろ時間だよ』=『Hey, you two. It's about time.』
『あ、おじさん…』=『U-Uncle...』
『やっぱり来たんだ…。』=『He really did come...』
『え…なんでこんなところに…？』=『Eh... why are you...?』
『嬉しくなった私とは違って、莉乃ちゃんは咄嗟に体を隠して…なんだか恥ずかしそう…。』=『Unlike me, who was happy about it, Rino-chan immediately shrunk and tried to hide her body... almost as if embarrassed...』
『あれ…？さっき見に来た先生の前ではなんともなさそうにしてたのに…なんで？』=『Huh...? Even though she acted completely fine in front of the teacher that came to check on us... why?』
『確認と終了時間を伝えにいってくれって、先生に頼まれてね』=『The teacher asked me to check up on you and tell you that your time was almost up, so.』
『ああ、だから…』=『Aah, so that's why...』
『お！乙羽ちゃん、水着姿なんて昔以来だねぇ』=『Oh! It's been a long time since I've seen you in that swimsuit.』
『え、あ…う、うん…』=『Eh, ah... y-yeah...』
『おじさんを探してたのに、こうして見られると…やっぱり恥ずかしい…。けど嬉しくなっちゃう…』=『Even though I was looking for him, being seen like this really is... embarrassing... but I also like it...』
『いやあ、随分変わったなあ』=『Man, you've changed a whole lot.』
『ちょっと、乙羽ばっかりジロジロ見て…。それ、セクハラなんだけど！』=『Hey, stop staring at her so much... it's sexual harassment, you know!』
『莉乃ちゃんがおじさんの視線を遮るように、私の前に立った。』=『As if blocking his gaze, she stepped in front of me.』
『おお、すまんすまん。そんなつもりはないんだけどなあ』=『Ooh, my bad my bad. I didn't really mean to.』
『立ちはだかった莉乃ちゃんの体をおじさんが謝りながらジロジロ見ているのが分かる。』=『I could tell that even as she stood in the way, he was staring at her body while apologizing.』
『私は…恥ずかしいけど、おじさんになら…見られるのは嫌じゃないのに…。』=『I... was a bit embarrassed, but it was uncle so... I really didn't mind it, but Rino-chan...』
『だから、セクハラだってば！』=『I told you, that's sexual harrassment!』
『莉乃ちゃん、顔が真っ赤…。部活ではレオタードを着ても平気なのに、おじさんに見られると恥ずかしがるんだ…。』=『Rino-chan's face is so red... even though she's fine wearing a leotard normally, she gets so embarrassed when uncle looks at her...』
『そんなつもりはないんだけど、ねえ』=『I really don't mean to, though.』
『もう……乙羽、行こう』=『Jeez... let's go, Otoha.』
『なんでだろう、って思った瞬間に莉乃ちゃんに手を取られておじさんの元から離されるように歩き始めた。』=『Just as I was wondering why, she grabbed my hand and dragged me away from uncle.』
『今日、プールすごく楽しかったよ』=『I had a lot of fun today.』
『私も楽しかったな。乙羽の特訓もあってこれからがすごく楽しみ！』=『Me too. I'm super excited for your training arc too!』
『ふふ、でも特訓って言い方が怖いよー』=『Fufuh, don't call it a training arc, you're scaring me, Rino-chan.』
『気のせい、気のせい。じゃあ、私、ここ使うね』=『It'll be fine, it'll be fine. Anyways, I'll take this one.』
莉乃ちゃんが目の前の個室の扉の中へと入っていった。=Rino-chan went through the door to the private bathroom.
私はその隣の扉に手をかける。=I put my hand on the door of the next one over.
『うん、じゃあ…私こっちかな』=『Okay, then... I'll take this one.』
『補習に来てるみたいだけど、友達は出来た？』=『So you've been coming in for extra lessons, right? Made any friends yet?』
『ううん、まだ。補習、男の子ばっかりだし…』=『No, not really. It's only boys in the classes so...』
『そっかー。じゃあ、普段はなにしてるの？…おじさんと遊んだりしてるの？』=『I see. What do you do normally then? ...Do you go hang out with uncle, or something?』
『え、用があれば会う程度だよ』=『Eh, not really. Only when I need something.』
『…なんでおじさんについて知りたがるのかな。…私も思い切って聞いてみよう。』=『...Just why is she asking about that? ...Maybe I'll ask her too.』
『…り、莉乃ちゃんはその…おじさんとなんだか…よそよそしいけど…何かあったの？』=『...R-Rino-chan, I noticed... that you've been acting pretty... cold to him yourself... did something happen?』
『んー……別に。この年になると部活とか友達とか、そっちのほうが忙しくなっただけ』=『Nn... not really. I've just been busy with my club and friends, that's all.』
『私も何年も会ってなかったし。ちょっと距離が、ね…』=『I mean, he was gone for a few years, right? So it's just, you know...』
『そうなんだ…』=『I see....』
『せっかく思い切って聞いてみたけど、はっきりしない答え…。』=『I took the plunge and asked, but that didn't tell me much of anything at all...』
『…さっきのこともそうだけど、おじさんと私を遠ざけようとしてるみたい。それに水着を恥ずかしがったり…。』=『...It really feels like she's trying to make me distance myself from him. Just like back then. And she was really embarrassed too, when he looked at her...』
『……もしかして莉乃ちゃんもおじさんのこと…好きなのかな…？』=『....By any chance, does she... love him too... is that why...?』
『乙羽？どうしたのー？』=『Otoha? What's wrong?』
『ううん、なんでもないよ』=『N-Nothing, really.』
『流石に、おじさんのことを、異性としてどうかだなんていきなり聞くことじゃないし……。』=『It's not like I can exactly ask her how she feels about him, as a member of the opposite sex...』
『えっ、何、後ろ……扉…？』=『Eh--, what, behind me... the door...?』
『…おじさん？！！なんでいるの！？』=『...Uncle!?! Why is uncle here?!』
『叫びそうになった瞬間、なだめるような仕草ともう片方の手で静かにするようにと人差し指を口元に当てている。』=『The moment I was about to yelp out, he stroked my head and put the index finger of his other hand on his lips, signalling me to be quiet.』
『乙羽ちゃんから莉乃ちゃんをプールに誘ったんだねぇ』=『I see you're the one who asked Rino-chan to come with you to the pool.』
『とっても小さな声で、私に密着するように中に入りながらおじさんが笑っている。』=『In a very small voice, he laughed and said while squeezing in with me.』
『それってやっぱりおじさんが好きって言った、この水着を見せるための口実なのかな…？』=『Was it just an excuse, so that you could show off the school swimsuit that I said I liked, to me...?』
『まだ胸がバクバクしてるし…おじさんに言葉にされるとすごく恥ずかしくなってすぐには言い訳が思いつかない…。』=『My heart was still pounding... I was so embarrassed at his words, I couldn't think of an excuse at all...』
『濡れて食い込んだ水着姿を見せたかったんだろう？でなければおじさんの部屋で着替えればいいだけだし』=『You wanted to show me your wet swimsuit, no? I mean, else you could have just shown it to me in my room i nstead.』
『う…うう…』=『Uu... uuuuu....』
『おじさんのお願いを聞いてくれたんだねえ』=『You were trying to make one of my wishes come true, huh?』
『そ、そんなつもりは…ないけど…そ、その…』=『T-That...'s not... u-uhm...』
『こんな間近で…恥ずかしくて、なのにちょっと嬉しくて…。…ドキドキし過ぎて…相変わらず苦しくなっちゃう…。』=『He's so close... it's embarrassing, but I feel happy too... my heart's pounding so much... it's hard to bear, as usual...』
『本当かなあ？朝のメッセージは見に来て欲しいっていうのが見え見えだったよ？』=『Am I right? Your messages this morning were just screaming to me to come and look at you, you know?』
『あ、う…あれは…ほんとに…おじさんとも遊びたくって…』=『Ah, uu... that was... I really did just want to play around in the pool...』
『水泳が苦手なのに学校のプールで…？』=『At the school pool? Even though you can barely swim...?』
『た、確かに苦手だけど…』=『I-I am pretty terrible at it but...』
『苦手でも、おじさんのために水着を見せてようとしたんだね？』=『You are, but you still tried to show off yourself in a swimsuit to me, huh?』
『ん…ぅ、ぅん……』=『Nn... y... yeah...』
『さっきも見たけどやっぱり近くで見ると、乙羽ちゃんがこれを着るとものすごくエッチで可愛く見えるよ』=『I saw it earlier too but, looking at it up close like this, you really do look just super adorable and lewd in it.』
『え、エッチって……』=『L-Lewd....』
『この薄い布一枚だけだなんて、ほとんど裸みたいなものだからね』=『It's a single layer of thin fabric, you might as well be naked.』
『でも、み、皆着てるものだし…』=『But, e-everyone wears one...』
『おじさんは乙羽ちゃんの水着姿も大好きだよ。大事な部分だけ隠してあとは男の目を楽しませてくれているし…』=『I love seeing you in a swimsuit like this too. Hiding all your important parts, and leaving the rest for my eyes to feast on...』
『おっぱいの形もお尻の形も…お腹が隠れていても布がぴったり張り付いて全部よぉくわかるよぉ』=『And your boobs and butt too... and your belly too, they may be hidden but the fabric's clinging to you so tightly, I can see everything~』
『はぁ…はぁ…、んん…、はぁ…』=『Haah... haah... nnn... haah....』
『エロい水着姿を見て欲しかった、って小さな声で良いから自分でちゃんと言ってごらん』=『Try saying it yourself, that you wanted me to see you in this erotic swimsuit. You can just whisper it in my ear.』
『……う、うん…』=『...O-Okay...』
『……み、水着姿を…見て欲しかった…の……』=『...I-I wanted you... to see me in this... swimsuit...』
『駄ぁ目、もう１回。さっきおじさんが言った通りに言い直して』=『Bad girl, one more time. Say it like I told you to.』
『で、でも隣、莉乃ちゃんいるし……』=『B-But, Rino-chan's right there...』
『大きな声で言わなくていいよ、どうせ水音でそんなに聞こえてないんだから、ほら』=『You don't need to say it loudly, she can barely hear anything through the shower anyway. C'mon.』
『……わ、分かった…』=『...O-Okay...』
『そ、その…エ、エッチな水着…姿を…見て欲しかったの…』=『I-I uhm... I-I wanted you to see... me in this... naughty swimsuit...』
『ううん。そうじゃないでしょ…自分の声でちゃんとエロい水着って言って』=『Nope. That wasn't what I said, now was it? ...You need to call it an "erotic" swimsuit yourself.』
『はぁ、はぁ…え、…え…エロい…水着姿…を、見て……欲しかった…の…。はぁ、はぁ…』=『Haah, haaah....I... I... wanted you... to see... m-me in this... e-erotic... swimsuit.... haah, haah....』
『そうだよ。ほら、誰に誰の何を見て欲しかったの？』=『That's right. C'mon, tell me. Who did you want to look at who, and see what?』
『…お、おじさんに…はぁはぁ……』=『...U-Uncle, I wanted... haah, haah...』
『おじさんに…、何……？』=『You wanted me to... what...?』
『……っ莉乃ちゃんに本当に聞こえちゃう…』=『....--! She really will hear...』
『乙羽ちゃん、さっきから息が荒くなってるよ？』=『Otoha-chan, your breathing's getting really rough, you know?』
『あ、ち…違う…これはバレたらどうしようって…ど、ドキドキしてっ…、はぁはぁ…』=『Ah, n.... no, it's not... I-I'm just worried about being caught... t-that's why my heart is--... haah, haah...』
『そうかなあ？バレたら、じゃなくて莉乃ちゃんがいるから興奮してるんじゃないかい？』=『Really now? You sure you're not getting even more aroused just because she's there?』
『そ、そんなこと………はぁ、ふぅ、…はぁ…』=『T-That's not... haah, fuuh... haaah....』
『ほら、おじさんも興奮してるんだ。…乙羽ちゃんの手で触ってご覧…？』=『Look, even I'm aroused. ...Try checking with your own hand...』
『や…ぁ……』=『Yah... ah....』
『そうそう…乙羽ちゃんの大好きなオスチンポがエロい水着姿で反り返って勃起してるだろう？』=『Yeah, see?... The cock you love so much is so erect and even arching from seeing you in that erotic swimsuit.』
『ん、んぅ……』=『Nn, nnnnn....』
『いい子だから、ほら、もう１度、誰に誰の何を見られたくて自分から誘ったか言ってみて？』=『You're a good girl, so c'mon, one more time. Who did you 'invite' just to look at who's what?』
『…はぁ、はぁ…ん、はぁ…お、おじさんに……私、の…エロ…い水着姿を…見て…欲しくて…』=『...Haah, haah... nn, haah... I-I wanted, you, uncle.... to look, at me... in this erotic... swimsuit... at the pool...』
『よしよし、よく言えたねぇ。乙羽ちゃんの背中にチンポが当たってるけど分かるかい？』=『Good girl, well done. My cock's pressing against your back, can you feel it?』
『おじさん、それ…恥ずかしい…。…はぁ、はぁ…んぁっ、あはぁ…』=『Uncle, that's... embarrassing, so don't... haah, haah... nnah--, ahaaah...』
『ほら、おじさんの前に立って、向き合って…乙羽ちゃんのいやらしい水着姿を良く見せて…』=『C'mon now, turn around and look at me... and let me take a good look at you...』
『んっ…み、見て欲しいけど…、密着するほど近くでじっくり見られるなんて…恥ずかしいよぉっ…！』=『Nn--... I-I want you to look but... it's embarrassing when you... stare from so up close...!』
『乙羽ー、なんか言ったー？』=『Otoha, did you say something?』
『っ…！え、うっ…ううんー！な、なんでもないよー』=『--....! Eh, uu--... no! N-Nothing~!』
『そっかー。ごめん、空耳みたい』=『Huh. Sorry, guess I misheard.』
『ほら、もう少し声を小さくしないと…これからすることに、莉乃ちゃんが気づいちゃうよ？』=『C'mon, you need to keep your voice down... else she's going to notice what we're going to do next.』
『はーっ、ふーっ…ご、ごめんなさぃ…。はぁ、はぁ…こ、これから…する…こと…？』=『Haah, fuuh... I-I'm sorryyy... haah, haah... w-what we're... going to... do next...?』
『まだ分かっていないかな？それとも本当は期待しているんじゃないかな？…おじさんのチンポをココでハメちゃうことを』=『Do you still not understand? Or do you actually just want me to spell it out? ....I'm going to stuff my cock up down here.』
『っ！！…こ、こんなとこで…！？おじさんっ…それ…っ…それは…り、莉乃ちゃんが…』=『--!! ...I-In here....!? Uncle--... that... that's... R-Rino-chan...』
『そんなに息を荒げて、サカってるんだから…もうトロトロになってるだろう？触ってあげようか？』=『Look at you, going into heat... Bet you're sopping wet, no? Want me to check?』
『はーはー…だ、だから…莉乃ちゃん…』=『Haahaaaah... B-But... Rino-chan will...』
『こらこら、お友達のせいにしちゃ駄目だよ。この前もお母さんの前でおマンコにハメちゃって…』=『C'mon, don't blame your friend now. Just the other day, we did it in front of your mom too...』
『乙羽ちゃんすごく気持ちよくなっちゃってたでしょ？』=『And you loved every moment of that, didn't you?』
『あ、あれは…ん、ぁ…っは…はぁはぁ…』=『T-That was... nn, ah... hah... haahaaaah....』
『言い訳しないで、今度は莉乃ちゃんがいるところで試してみようか』=『Don't make excuses now. Let's try it while Rino-chan's still in the next one over.』
『だ、ダメだよぉ…。はぁはぁっ、はぁっ、はぁ…』=『W-We can't... haahaaaah--, haaah--, haah...』
『ダメなだけで、嫌じゃないんだね。…乙羽ちゃんのおマンコはどうなってるかな…？』=『"We can't", not that you don't want to, huh? ...I do wonder just what your pussy's like right now...』
『あっ、そこっ…触っちゃダメっ…！！』=『Ah--, you can't--... uncle, you can't--...!!』
『おや、シャワーの水はこんなにヌルヌルしていたかな？』=『Oh? I don't think the water around here's this slimey. Do you?』
『んっ！…ぁっ…』=『Nn--! ...Ah--...』
『ねー乙羽ー、やっぱり何か言った？』=『Hey, Otoha, you sure you didn't say something?』
『おじさんが、目で”誤魔化せ”と言っているのがわかる…、気付かれちゃうよぉ…』=『He's telling me to "make an excuse", I can tell... We can't, she'll really notice...』
『なっ、なんにも、言ってないよ』=『I-I didn't say anything.』
『んー？そう？確かに乙羽の声が聞こえたんだけどな。ま、いっか。耳、水でも入った…？』=『Nn? Really? I'm pretty sure I heard your voice though. Well, whatever. Guess some water went up my ears...』
『…ほら、静かに。……でも、もっとよく触って確めないとねぇ…』=『...C'mon, quiet now. ...I need to touch you more just to make sure...』
『んんんぅっ…ふーっふーっ…』=『Nnnnnnnnnn... fuuuh, fuuuh....』
『こんなにシャワーでびしょ濡れになってるのに何度擦ってもスケベなヌルヌルが取れないなぁ…』=『Even though you're so wet from the shower, no matter how much I rub it out, this slimey stuff just won't stop gushing out...』
『い、言わないでぇ………』=『D-Don't say it...』
『乙羽ちゃんも、もう”準備”が出来ているんだね。さっきからどんどんおマンコ汁がはみ出て溢れてるよ』=『I see you're "ready to go" too, Otoha-chan. Your pussy juice keeps gushing out harder and harder.』
『お、おじさんが、こす…ぁん…っ…んっ……』=『I-It's because you're, rubb... aaahn... nnn--...』
『チンポをお迎えするおマンコ汁が止まらないなんて、やっぱり誰かの隣でセックスするのが好きなのかな？』=『I can't believe just how hard you're overflowing just to take in my cock. I guess you like doing it when someone's right there, huh?』
『やっあっ…っは…ち、…ちが…』=『Yah--, ah--... hah... n... no, I...』
『違わないでしょ？ほら…指で乙羽ちゃんの好きなところをシゴいてあげようね…ここ、どこだか言ってごらん？』=『No? Really? C'mon... I'll rub your favourite spot with my finger... try telling me what this is called?』
『んっ…はぁ、はぁ…そ、そこっ…』=『Nn--... haah, haah... t-that's--....』
『そこ…？そこってどこかな？ほら…』=『That's...? That's what? C'mon...』
『く…っ…クリ……っぁ、っは…ぅ…っん…！』=『M... My clit... ah, hah... uu... nn...!』
『もっとほら、ちゃんと言って。おじさんは聞いてるよ』=『C'mon, say it properly. I'm going to make sure you say it.』
『く……っは…ぁ、こ、擦らないでぇ…！ふー…っ、っは…』=『Cli.... hah... ah, d-don't rub it...! Fuuh... haah...』
『ちゃんと言ってくれないとイっちゃうまで擦るよぉ？』=『If you don't say it, I won't stop until you cum, you know?』
『…っ言う、言うっ…からぁ…！っはぁ、はぁ…』=『... I will, I will... so...! Haah, haah...』
『いい子だねぇ。言うこと聞かないと莉乃ちゃんにバレちゃうお仕置きをするからね？』=『Good girl. If you don't do what I say, I'll let Rino-chan see everything, you know?』
『はあっはあっ…く…クリ……クリト…リス…こす…ってる…のっ…。はぁっはぁ…』=『Haah--, haah--... y-you're... rubbing... my... clito... ris--.... Haah--, haah....』
『良く言えました。脚が震えるほど気持ちいいのかい？そろそろおじさんも我慢できないなぁ』=『Good job. Your legs are shaking. Does it feel that good? I can barely keep it in myself.』
『はーっ、はーっ…おじさん、もうやめて…。変になっちゃう…』=『Haah, haah... uncle, stop, please... I'll go crazy...』
『じゃあ、ほら、一緒にここで気持ちよくなろうか？…お股の布を絞ったら糸を引きそうだね』=『Then, how about we enjoy ourselves together here? ...I bet just pushing aside the bit covering your crotch will squeeze out some of your juice.』
『こ、ここじゃダメぇ…！莉乃ちゃ…んっ…っあ…ぅ…』=『N-Not here...! Rino-cha.. nn--... auuu....』
『大丈夫。乙羽ちゃんさえ我慢すればバレないよ。ほら、そこのイスを支えに少し脚を広げて…おじさんをお迎えして…』=『Don't worry. As long as you hold it in, she won't find out. C'mon, bend over that chair and spread your legs... and welcome me in...』
『はぁ、はぁ…こ、こう…？』=『Haah, haah... l-like this...?』
『なんだかんだ言って、本当に素直でスケベだなぁ』=『You said all that but, in the end you're an obedient and lewd girl at heart.』
『い、言わないで…ってば……。はぁはぁ…』=『D-Don't say it... dummy... haah, haah...』
『とっても可愛いって意味だよ。お母さんの前でも楽しめたんだから今日もいっぱい楽しめそうだね』=『I'm saying you're adorable. You loved it when we did it in front of your mom, so I bet you'll love it today too.』
『はぁっはぁっ、おじさん…私っ……はぁ、絶対…こ、声……出ちゃうよぉ…』=『Haah, haah--, uncle... I'll--... haah, definitely... m-moan... out loud...』
『上手く誤魔化すんだよ。その代わり、いっぱいおじさんのチンポをおマンコで味わっていいからね』=『Just gloss over it. In return, feel free to savour my cock thoroughly with your pussy.』
『はーっはー…おじさん、すっごく…おっきくなってる…。…っ…はぁ、はぁ…』=『Haah, haah... uncle, you're... getting so big... haah, haah....』
『今の乙羽ちゃんのドロドロおマンコなら、大きくてもちゃんと根元までずっぽり入るよ』=
『はぁっはぁ……ゆ、ゆっくり…してぇ…』=
『もちろんゆっくり挿入れるよ。乙羽ちゃんのおマンコが我慢できずに一気に飲み込まなければだけどね…』=
『そ、そんなエッチじゃない…んっ…っぁ…』=
『んっ…！…～～っ！！！』=
『っ！！…っふー…っ、！っふー…っ…！！』=『--!! ...Fuuh...! Fuuuh...!!』
『おマンコが小刻みに痙攣して…。イっちゃったんだね…すごく可愛いよ』=『Look at your pussy throbbing like that... You came, huh?... So adorable.』
『っはー…っ…っふー…っふー…』=『Haah... fuuh... fuuh...』
『ねー、乙羽ー。私出るけどそっちはどう？一緒に出る？』=『Hey, Otoha. I think I'm done here. What about you? Wanna head out together?』
『あっ、えっ…ちょっと…も、もうちょっと私っ…か、かかりそうだから…先に行ってていいよーっ…』=『Ah--, eh--... I need... I-I'm gonna, need--... a-a bit more time so... you can go on ahead--....』
『……？そうなの？んー、わかった。じゃあ、先に出てるねー』=『...? Really? Nn, got it. I'll head out first then.』
『ん、…は、はーいっ…ごめんねっ…』=『Nn... o-okay... sorry--....』
『っはぁっ！はぁっ！！はぁっはぁ…ふぅ…はぁ…気付かれて、なくて…よかったぁ……』=『Haah--! Haah--!! Haah--, haah... fuuh... haah... I'm glad she, didn't... notice...』
『莉乃ちゃんがいたせいで、あんなに派手にイっちゃったのかな？』=『Did you cum that hard because she was there?』
『お母さんがいた時もそうだったもんねぇ…』=『You did cum pretty damn hard when your mom was there too, didn't you...』
『だ、だってまさかこんな所でなんて…！本当に…バ、バレてないよね…？』=『I-I mean, I never thought we'd...! She really... d-didn't find out, right...?』
『ははは、急に大きな声になって…。安心したのかな。…すごく我慢してたんだね。結構、声は出てたけど』=『Hahahah, no more whispering, huh?... I guess you feel relaxed now... You had to hold in a whole lot, didn't you? But in the end, you moaned a whole lot too.』
『も、もう、おじさん～…！！』=『J-Jeez, uncle~...!!』
『やっぱり乙羽ちゃんは変態だなぁ。二人きりの普通のセックスだけじゃなくて人がいても絶頂するんだから』=『Still, what a pervert you are~. Climaxing even when we do it around other people.』
『そっ、それは…バ、バレそうだったし緊張と興奮でワケわかんなくなっちゃったから…』=『T--, that's... i-it was because the tension and excitement fried my head and...』
『てことは、無意識にあの状況でドスケベにウネウネとおマンコがチンポを締め付けたんだね』=『So basically, you squeezed down around me and made your folds move like that all unconsciously, huh?』
『乙羽ちゃんはやっぱり変態さんだよ。それもとびっきりの』=『You really are an amazing pervert, Otoha-chan. A really big one.』
『も、もう～～！！意地悪言わないでよぉ…』=『J-Jeez~~!! Don't be so mean, uncle...』
『もし莉乃ちゃんが途中で耳をそばだてて聞いてたら…って思わなかったかい？』=『Imagine if she just felt like straining her ears and listening though... did that thought not cross your mind?』
『や、やだ、莉乃ちゃんはそんなことしないよ！ちゃんと話をしてたもんっ。…わ、私、話せてたよね…？』=『G-Gosh, Rino-chan would never do that! We were chatting, after all. ...I-I did, manage to chat properly, right...?』
『ははは、話してたのに不安かい？』=『Hahahah, you're worried about that?』
『だ、だって……あんなに気持ちよかったし…声、震えてたかも…だし……』=『I-I mean... it felt so good... my voice, might have been... shakey...』
『おじさんなら気付いてるけど…』=『I mean, I'd notice that, personally...』
『えっ』=『Eh--』
『莉乃ちゃんはどうかなあ？』=『But I don't know about Rino-chan.』
『まさか、さっきまで一緒にプールで泳いでた乙羽ちゃんが真隣でおじさんのチンポを咥えてるなんてね』=『Still, to think the girl she was swimming next to just minutes ago was being fucked like that in the next shower over.』
『んん…、そ、そんな…。…莉乃ちゃんに私がこんなコトするって知られたら…』=『Nnn... d-don't... if she ever finds out that we do this sort of thing...』
『おじさんのチンポをあんなに奥まで咥え込む淫乱マンコって知られてるかも…。軽蔑されちゃうかな？』=『She might also figure out you've got a slutt pussy that swallows up my dick so deep into itself... She might just start disdaining you.』
『そ、そんなのダメ…。莉乃ちゃんに、おじさんとあんなエッチしてるってバレてたら…』=『N-No way... if she ever finds out, that we do lewd stuff like that...』
『想像して興奮したかい？随分スケベになったもんだ』=『Getting aroused just from imagining it? You really are turning into quite the pervy slut.』
『んん…スケベだなんて…そんな言い方…』=『Nnn... don't call me... that...』
『ははは、スケベな事は否定しないんだね。もしかしてまたマン汁を垂らしてグチョグチョにしてるのかな？』=『Hahahah, not gonna deny it, huh? I wonder, are you soppy wet down there again? Gushing out your slutty pussy juice?』
『し、知らない…！』=『D-Don't ask me...!』
『………で、でも、私が…濡れてる、か…気になる…？』=『...B-But, do you... really, want to... know if I am...?』
『ん～、気になるといえば気になるけど…わざわざ聞かなくても一目瞭然だしねぇ…』=『Nn~, I mean I guess yeah... although it's obvious just from looking at you...』
『そ、その…お、おじさんがまだ元気なら……』=『U-Uhm... i-if you're still...』
『何が元気なんだい？』=『Still what?』
『…お…お…チンチン……』=『..If... if your... dick......』
『…大人のする言い方を教えてるのにまだ恥ずかしいのかな。…乙羽ちゃんはいつも、おじさんが勃起してるならなんていうけれど、』=『...I've already taught you how adults say it, but I guess you're still embarrassed, huh? ...And you always put it like that, "if I'm still hard",』
『実のところ、乙羽ちゃんがチンポをまだ欲しがって自分でおマンコを濡らしてるんだろう？』=『But in actuality, you want my cock so badly that your pussy's dripping wet, no?』
『……そ、それは。ん、ぅん…その…、さ、さっきのエッチ……すごく気持ち良かった……けど…』=『...T-That's, nn, nnn.... w-what we just did... felt really good... but...』
『梨乃ちゃんがいたし…色々……が、我慢してたから…』=『Rino-chan was there too so... I... held in, a whole lot...』
『つまりエッチな乙羽ちゃんは、まだ深イキしてなくておマンコが疼いて仕方がないって言いたいんだね？』=『So basically, with how lewd a girl you are, your pussy's still throbbing unbearably because you didn't get to cum really hard, huh?』
『だから濡れちゃうんだ？』=『Is that why you're so wet?』
『……う、……うん…………』=『....Y..... Yeah...』
『おじさんも今ので余計に硬くなっちゃったよ。勿論いいよね…？』=『Well, I got way too hard again, just from that exchange. Of course, you don't mind, right...?』
『………う…うん……だから…』=『...Y...Yeah... so....』
『ね、おじさん…、早く…シて？』=『Hey, uncle... do me... already?』
『いつになく積極的だねぇ。それぐらい我慢できないんだね？』=『Someone's being assertive for once. Is it that hard to bear?』
『……………うん…』=『................Yeah....』
『素直でいい子だ。うんと可愛がってあげよう。もう二人きりだから、どれだけ声をあげてもいいからね』=『Good girl. I'll give you lots of love for that. It's just us here now, so moan as much as you want.』
『はあ、はあ…、きて…、早く…！』=『Haah, haah... come... quickly....!』
『物欲しそうにオマンコがヒクヒクしているよ…。ほら、チンポに吸い付いてくる…』=『Look at it twitch... look, it's even sucking me in...』
『はあ、ふう…、ねえ、お願い…。ずっと我慢してたんだから…思いっきり……シて…？』=『Haah, fuuh... hey, uncle... I had to hold it in so much... so pound me hard... please...?』
『仕方ないなぁ…。莉乃ちゃんも待ってることだし、ゆっくりはしてられないな。その代わり…激しくハメるからね？』=『Guess I've got no choice~... She's waiting outside for you too, so we can't take our time here. In return... it'll be really rough, alright?』
『うん…、いいよ。さっきまでと違って思いっきりしていいから…。オチンチン…、ちょ…頂戴』=『Yeah... that's okay. Do it really hard, unlike before... give me... y-your... your dick.』
『あぁ…、いやらしい子だ…！おじさんも、もう我慢できない…！』=『Aah... what a dirty girl you are...! I can't take it anymore either...!』
『んああぁぁぁぁーーーっっ！！！』=『Nnnaaaaaaaah----!!!』
『少しは落ち着いたかい…？』=『Feeling a bit calmer now...?』
事後の激しい呼吸が徐々に収まりつつある乙羽ちゃんを見やる。=I looked at her as her harsh and ragged panting slowly settled down into a calm pace.
まだ体全体の肌がほんのりと赤く火照っているようだ。我を忘れたように絶頂していたから無理もない。=Her body still had a faint flush to it. Not unexpected, with how hard she climaxed.
『ま、まだ…ちょ、ちょっと…はぁ…はぁ…はぁ…はぁ……はぁ……』=『I-I'm... s-still a bit... haah... haah... haah... haah... haah... haah...』
シャワーで洗い流した後も、肌の張りや艶は、この年頃特有の若さを主張していて…惚れ惚れとしてしまう。=Even after that shower, her skin was still taut and silky, showing off its youthfulness... I couldn't help but be charmed.
『乙羽ちゃんもすっかり、おじさんとのエッチにハマっちゃったねぇ』=『So you've become completely addicted to having sex with me too now, huh~?』
『うっ…ぅう……だ、だって……ん……ふぅ…はぁ…はぁ…』=『Uu--... uuu... I-I can't help it... nn... fuuh... haah... haah...』
落ち着きと共に理性も戻ってきているようで乙羽ちゃんらしい強い恥じらいが見え隠れする。=As her calmness returned to her, so did her reason, as well as her shy nature.
『…だって？』=『...You can't help it? Why?』
『…っ…き、気持ちいいし…おじさんとの……が…す、……好きだし……』=『...! ....B-Because it feels good, and... I love doing it... with... w-with you...』
消え入るような声やたどたどしさがまだある。=She was still a bit hesitant, her voice faltering in and out.
自分も大いに楽しんだが、今の目的は求めているものを乙羽ちゃんにはっきりと自覚させることだ。=Of course, I enjoyed this a lot too but, right now my goal was to make her understand just what it was she wanted.
『ふーん、おじさんとのエッチだけが好きなのかな？』=『Hmmm, so having sex with me is all that you love about me?』
意地悪というよりは、しっかり問いただす。=Rather than trying to be mean, I was asking her a straight question.
『ち、違うよ！！おじさんのことも…好きだし…その……』=『N-No!! I do love... you as well... but...』
『………お、おじさんとの…え、エッチも…す、好きなの…。そ、そういうことだから…エッチだけじゃないから…』=『.........I-I love having... s-sex with... y-you as well... t-that's how it is... it's not just sex....』
『でもおじさんとのエッチが好きなことはちゃんと認めるんだね？』=『But you are willing to admit that you love having sex with me, huh?』
『………う、うん………』=『....Y-Yeah...』
この年頃の子は本当に…なんともチョロい。そして恐ろしいぐらい真っ直ぐで、愛おしくなる。=Girls of her age really are just... so easy. And so frighteningly frank too, it was honestly adorable.
『おじさんも乙羽ちゃんとのエッチが大好きだよ』=『I love having sex with you too, Otoha-chan.』
『ん………』=『Nn....』
『莉乃ちゃんにバレてないといいねえ』=『Hope Rino-chan hasn't noticed though.』
『も、もう！またそんなこと言って…。せっかく……う、嬉しかったのに』=『J-Jeez! Again with that... I was... s-so happy too.』
『そうなの？』=『Really?』
『う、うん……。で、でも、気付かれてないかは私もやっぱり気になっちゃう』=『Y-Yeah... b-but i'm worried too, whether she noticed or not.』
『もし、何かあったらおじさんに迷惑かけちゃうし…。おじさんといられなくなっちゃうから…』=『If something happens, it's going to cause problems for you... and we won't be able to be together anymore...』
『……そこまで心配させるつもりはなかったんだよ。つい乙羽ちゃんを見てるとからかいたくなってね』=『...I didn't mean to worry you that much, honestly. I just couldn't help but tease you, sorry.』
『おじさんってば……もう。あ…他に気になることがあるの。それに莉乃ちゃんをすごい待たせてるかも…』=『Uncle... you dummy. Ah... there's something else I'm worried about. Plus, I think she might be getting worried waiting for me too....』
『そうだった、そろそろ行かないといけないね？』=『Ah, right. You gotta go, right?』
『…うん。じゃあ…その…私、行くね。あまり長いと怪しまれちゃう…』=『...Yeah. Then... uhm... I'm gonna, go. She's going to get suspicious if I stay inside too long...』
堂々とした関係である必要はない。むしろ、この方が興奮すると内心確信している。=There was no need for us to have a loud, public relationship. If anything, I was sure this was more arousing for her.
『ああ、じゃあ気を付けて…』=『Yeah, be careful on your way back...』
『おじさんは…ちょっと経ってから出てきて…』=『Come out... after a while, uncle...』
『うん。わかってるよ』=『Yeah, I know.』
『あ、そうだ…おじさん………』=『Ah, right... uncle...』
乙羽ちゃんがふわっと身を寄せてきて…=Otoha-chan suddenly leaned in close and...
『…んっ………っちゅ…』=『...Nn--.... *kiss*....』
事後の熱に加えて、しっとりとした湿り気のある柔らかい唇が触れる。=Her soft lips, still hot from what we just did, as well as a bit moist, touched mine.
それが離されることもなく、かといって貪り合うわけでもなく、静かにそっと押し付けられた。=She didn't go in for more, but she didn't pull back either, choosing to stay just like that.
少し驚いてしまった。初めて乙羽ちゃんに対して圧倒、という気持ちを抱いたかもしれない。=Honestly, she caught me off-guard. For the first time, I think I felt actually overwhelmed by her.
だがそれもすぐに、照れた様子の可愛らしさに埋もれて慎ましく隠れてしまった。=But even that soon disappeared back inside her, hidden once again behind her cute shyness.
『じゃあ、また、ね…』=『Then, see you, later...』
いそいそと出ていく乙羽ちゃんを見送る。=I watched over her as she left in a panicked hurry.
見送りながら自覚させたこと、そして改めて、秘密を抱えさせた優越感にしばし浸る。=As I saw her off, I basked in the superiority of having made her understand what she wanted, as well as having made her bear another secret.
それから……=And after that...
…さて、俺の肉奴隷にするためには、などと下卑た考えが浮かんだ。=...Vulgar thoughts along the lines of making her into my sex slave floated through my head.
あの様子ならば、次に会う時はすぐに求めてくるだろう。であれば、ここは少し焦らしてもいいかもしれない。=The next time we meet, she'll probably come beg for it herself. That'll be the perfect opportunity to tantalize her.
『……はぁ、すっっごくドキドキした…。』=『...Haah, that made my heart pound so much...』
『もし、おじさんとのエッチが…莉乃ちゃんにバレてたら…どうなってたのかな…？』=『If she, actually found out about us... what would have... even happened...?』
『…さっきまで、あんな事してたせいで忘れてたけど、やっぱり莉乃ちゃんの態度…気になっちゃうな…。』=『...I completely forgot about it until now but, I'm so curious... about the way she was acting around him...』
『好きな人……か……。』=『Does she... love him...』
『…プールサイドでだけじゃなくて、シャワーの時まで…莉乃ちゃんにはおじさんについて尋ねてくる…。』=『...It wasn't just the poolside either, even in the shower... she was asking me about him...』
『……私の前に立ちはだかったのも、セクハラだとか…私をおじさんに見られないようにするためじゃなくて…』=『....When she stood in front of me, talking about sexual harassment... was it really because she wanted to stop him from looking at me?...』
『…おじさんの目線を私から奪い返したかったとか…？』=『...Or was she trying to steal his gaze away from me...?』
『おじさんについての答えは全部曖昧だし。やっぱり莉乃ちゃんも…おじさんのことが好きなのかな…？』=『I can't figure out a single thing, it's all so vague. Is she really... in love with him too...?』
『それとも、もしかして関係に気付かれてる…？』=『Or did she, notice our relationship and...?』
『んー…』=『Nnn....』
『すごくモヤモヤしてきちゃった。でも莉乃ちゃんとは仲のいい友達でいたいよ。ずっと仲が良かったんだし…。』=『Now I feel terrible. I want to keep being friends with her too. We've always been so close...』
『こんな気持ちを抱えたままなんて、絶対良くない。次こそはっきりと莉乃ちゃんに尋ねなきゃ…。』=『I really can't keep these feelings bottled up inside me. I'll have to ask her directly next time....』
『乙羽、さっきから黙ってどうしたの？』=『Otoha, you've been pretty quiet for a bit. What's up?』
『うーん……ちょっと考え事っていうか…』=『Nnn... just thinking about some stuff, like...』
『あ、そうだ…先に、ちょっといいかな？』=『Ah, right... say, mind if I interrupt for a sec?』
『え、っ…あ、うん…どうしたの？』=『Eh? ...Ah, yeah... sure, what is it?』
『あのさ、改めて聞くけど…乙羽の好きな人って…おじさんじゃない…よね？』=『Listen, I know I asked earlier too... but the person you like... it's not uncle... is it?』
『えっ……。んー…そう、だったら…ヘン、かな？』=『Eh--... nnn... if it, was... would that be, weird?』
『あ…え、それ…本当なの？』=『Ah... eh, are you... serious about that?』
『……うん』=『...Yeah.』
『……や、やめときなよ』=『...W-Well, don't.』
『ほら、だって…おじさんって、乙羽のお母さんの弟さんでしょ…？だったら親族だし…その…』=『I mean, you know... he's your mom's brother, no...? So your actual uncle... so uhm...』
『昔からお母さんと仲良くないって言ってたし…。…そのさ、越してきてすぐで寂しいから…好きって勘違いしてるだけかもしれないよ…？』=『And you did tell me before that you've never really been close to your mom... and uhm, you did just move here so you're probably lonely... so you might think you like him but you probably don't, you know...?』
『新学期になったらクラスメイトとも顔を合わせるし、同い年の子の中からきっといい子が見つかるよ。だから、えっと…』=『Once the next term starts, you'll get to meet all your classmates, and I'm sure you'll find a nice boy of your own age. So, erhm...』
『よく考えてみて…？』=『Maybe think it over...?』
『莉乃ちゃん…』=『Rino-chan...』
『莉乃ちゃんはすごく、私をおじさんに近づけないようにしてるけど…おじさんが好きだと何か問題あるのかな？』=『You've been trying really hard, to keep me away from him but... do you have a problem with me liking him?』
『え…いや、別に…問題って…いうのはない、けど…。わ、私はただ、乙羽のことがすごく心配で……』=『Eh... no, that's... it's not exactly... a problem, but... I-I'm just really, worried about you...』
『私のことは心配しないで。大丈夫だから』=『You don't have to be. I'm fine.』
『それにもし何かあったら、真っ先に莉乃ちゃんに相談するからさ』=『And really, if anything happens, I'll come to you first, so you know.』
『乙羽……』=『Otoha...』
『さ、早く帰ろ』=『C'mon, let's go home.』
『…今日こそおじさんに会えたらいいな。』=『....I hope I can talk to him today.』
『ここ５日ほど全然会えていない…。たまに見かけても忙しそうにしてるから…声もかけられなくて…。すごくモヤモヤする…。』=『I haven't gotten to talk to him even once these past 5 days... Even when I do find him, he always looks so busy... I can't bring myself to bother him... I feel so frustrated...』
『だから…、いつしか独りでいっぱいシちゃってる…。気持ちいいけど、心や体は全然満たされない…。』=『So... I always end up doing it by myself... and it does feel good but, it's not mentally or physically satisfying at all...』
『思い切って用務員室に行っても、タイミング悪く留守だったりするし…。うーん…』=『Even when I just make up my mind and go visit him in his room, he's always outside... nnn....』
『おじさんだ！！』=『Uncle!!』
背中をこちらに向けて何か作業をしている。私に気付いてないみたい。=He's doing something with his back towards me. He hasn't noticed me, I don't think.
『お、おはよう！』=『M-Morning!』
『ああ、乙羽ちゃん。おはよう』=『Aah, Otoha-chan. Morning.』
『んっ…こ、こっちを見て挨拶を返してくれただけなのに、すごく嬉しい…。それに体の奥がキュゥってする…。』=『Nn--... e-even though he just looked my way and greeted me back, I feel so happy... and I can feel my core throbbing...』
『顔も熱くなってきちゃった…。』=『I can even feel my face getting hotter...』
『っ…あ、あの…』=『--! ...U-Uhm...』
『…この感じ……もしかしたら…あそこが…ぬ…濡れて…きちゃってる…の…かも……。』=『...This feeling... I might be... getting... w-wet... down... there....』
『どうしたんだい？』=『What's wrong?』
『…お腹…子宮が…キュンキュンしてる…。』=『...My belly... my womb... is throbbing....』
『さ、最近全然おじさんに会えなかったから…その…今日の夕方前ぐらいって…』=『W-We haven't been able to see each other at all lately so... uhm... I thought that maybe this evening...』
『うん、なんだい？』=『Yeah? What about this evening?』
『まだ、忙しかったりするのかな…？私、その…今日はちょっと早めに補習の時間が終わるから…』=『Are you, still busy...? I, uhm... I'll get out of class a bit earlier today so...』
『おじさんも…こんな風に興奮したり、ドキドキしてくれてない……かな…？』=『Does uncle... aroused and, have his heart pounding like me... I wonder...』
『悪いねぇ。最近本当に忙しくて…。今日もずっと仕事が立て込んでいるんだ』=『Sorry. Work's really been piling up lately... I'm gonna be busy the whole day today too.』
『あ、そ、そうなんだ…。じゃあ…その…えっと…』=『Ah, I-I see... then... uhm... erhm....』
『乙羽ちゃん、そろそろ補習が始まる時間じゃないかな？行かなくていいのかい？』=『Otoha-chan, isn't it about time for your classes? You sure you don't need to go?』
『えっ…。あ、うん』=『Eh--... ah, yeah.』
『じゃあ、早く行っておいで』=『Go on then.』
『あ、ありがとう。じゃあ、また…』=『T-Thanks. See you, then...』
『ああ、またね』=『Yeah, see you later.』
おじさんは、歩き出す私を振り返りもしない。=He didn't even look back to me, as I walked off.
『…せっかく会えて、少し話せたのに…。補習の後…今日こそはって思ったのに…。』=『...Even though, I finally got to see him, and talk... and I really thought... that I'd finally get to spend some time with him today too...』
『………もしかして私、飽きられちゃって…避けられてるのかな？』=『.....Did he get, tired of me?... Is that why he's avoiding me?』
『今までだったら、どんな時でも会ったら私を求めてきてくれてたのに…。』=『Even though until now, he'd always craved me and my body, everytime we saw each other, no matter when.』
『…プールの時から途端にぱったりシなくなって…。まさか………莉乃ちゃんに会いに行ってるとか…？』=『...But after that day at the pool, he's been completely.... no way... could he be going to Rino-chan instead...?』
『おじさんの顔を見るだけで、こんなになっちゃうのに…。切ないよ……。』=『Even though just seeing his face, makes me feel like I'm suffocating... I can't take this...』
更に５日後…。=Yet 5 more days later...
『…次は、教科書４５ページの…』=『...Well then, turn to page 45...』
『補習中なのに……気持ちが全然落ち着かなくて…何も頭に入ってこない…。』=『Even though I'm in class... I can't concentrate at all... nothing's going into my head...』
『前にもこんなことがあったけど…あの時よりもっと集中できなくなってる…。』=『This happened once before too but... it's way worse than that time...』
『それと同じくらい…先生や男の子の…、皆の…あそこにどうしても目が行っちゃう…。』=『At the same time... I can't help the way... my eyes... keep going to everyone's...』
『っはぁ……はぁ…』=『Haah... haah...』
『どうにかしてちゃんと集中しようって、先生のほうをじっと見ても…』=『No matter how I try to focus, the moment I look at sensei...』
『先生の…ズボンに目が行っちゃう…。ズボンの下にあるモノ…。…おチンチン…がそこにあるんだって…。』=『My eyes... go to his trousers... right where... his dick... is buried--....』
『うう…授業内容は聞こえてるのに、右から左に流れて全部消えて行って…。頭にあるのは…エッチなことばかり。』=『Uuu... I can hear what he's saying but, it keeps going poof in my head... everything keeps going poof... except lewd stuff.』
『…おチンチン…じゃなくて、おチンポっておじさんはいつも言ってる。』=『...A man's dick... no, "cock", as uncle always calls it.』
『私は恥ずかしくてなかなか口に出せないでいたけど、おじさんに言わされたり、家でいっぱいオナニーしてるうちに…』=『I could never bring myself to say it before but, after he made me say it, and after I started masturbating at home...』
『オチンポ、って言う方がずっと興奮するようになってきてる…。』=『Calling it a "cock" makes me so much more aroused....』
『じゃあ、今から５分、この３問を解くように』=『Alright then, solve these 3 questions, you all get 5 minutes.』
『あ！も、問題…解かなきゃ…。』=『Ah! I-I need to... solve...』
『ああ、でも…先生のおチンポって…大人だから…おじさんと同じぐらい大きいのかな…？』=『Aah, but... sensei's cock... he's an adult so... would it be as big as uncle's...?』
『はぁ…ふぅ……はぁ…』=『Haah... fuuh... haah...』
『せ、先生でも…女の人とエッチしたりして…いっぱい腰を振って、お…おマンコをぐちゃぐちゃにかき回して…』=『E-Even sensei... has sex with a woman... shaking his hips and, c... churning up the woman's pussy...』
『そのまま射精したり………。他の男の子も…そういう経験はもうしちゃってるのかな……？』=『And then ejaculating inside her.... the boys too... have they all done it too...?』
『もし、彼女とかいたら…やっぱりセックスしてて…おチンポを……いっぱい、ぐちゅぐちゅって……。』=『If they, have girlfriends... they probably have sex... and grind their... cocks, lots inside...』
『激しく、出し入れして…おマンコの中にビューって…。それとも………』=『Pulling them, in and out... and then gush it all, inside... or maybe...』
『相手がいないなら…男の人は誰でも沢山オナニーするっておじさんは言ってた…。』=『if they don't have girlfriends then... uncle did say that all boys masturbate so...』
『だから、ここにいる皆は全員、エッチな妄想してて…セックスしたり、おチンポを自分でシゴいて……』=『So, everyone here, has lewd fantasies too... and they all have sex, and play with their cocks...』
『気持ちよくなって……精子をいっぱい…出して……』=『And feel good and... shoot out their... sperm...』
『皆すごく、いやらしいことしてるんだ…。』=『They all do, such lewd things....』
『ん、は…ぁ…』=『Nn, haah... aah....』
『今は胸は無理だから…おマンコなら…ああ、触りたい…。でも、前みたいにバレそうになったら…まずい…。』=『I can't touch my chest right now... but my pussy... aah, I want to touch it... but, it'll be bad if I get... noticed like last time...』
『んん、…我慢するの…すごく辛い……。触りたい…、撫でて、つまんで、弾いて…かき回したいよぉ…。』=『Nnn... it's so hard to... bear... I want to touch it... I want to rub it, pinch it, flick it... churn it up...』
『…補習にくるとこうなっちゃう。その分、家でどうにか追いつくように勉強してるけど…結局オナニーしちゃうし』=『...This happens everytime I come to class. And even though I try to keep up by studying at home... I always end up masturbating.』
『いやらしいことに集中しちゃってる…。体が熱くなって、火照って……。』=『I'm tunneling more and more on lewd stuff... my body is, burning up...』
『…さん、…小鳥遊さん、ねえ！』=『...-san.... Takanashi-san!』
『あ、えっ？！！…っな、…なに、…何かな？私、当てられてる？！』=『Ah, eh--!?? ...Wh... What... What is it? Did sensei call out to me!?』
『いや、あの…小鳥遊さんさ、もしかして…』=『No, uhm... Takanashi-san, are you...』
『な……何か、気付かれちゃった…？そ、そんなことないよね…？！』=『Wha... did he, notice something...? P-Please say no...!』
『…具合、悪いんじゃないかな？』=『...Are you doing okay?』
『ほら、さっきから俯いてじっとしてるし…顔も赤いし…。熱とかない？大丈夫？』=『You've been looking down and sitting still for a bit... and your face is flushed too... Is it a fever? Are you okay?』
『体調が悪いって勘違いされちゃった。でも…私がエッチな妄想してる時…ずっと見られてたんだ…。』=『Oh, he mistook it for me being unwell. But... this entire time I've been fantasizing... he's been watching me, huh...』
『…隣の席だからかな…。茂部君って、前から何かと私のことを、気にかけてくれてる気がする…。』=『...Is it just because he sits next to me?... I feel like, Mob-kun's been keeping an eye out for me, for a while now...』
『何かあったらさ、遠慮しないで俺に言いなよ』=『If something's up, feel free to just let me know, alright?』
『今もこうやって先生に注意されないように小さく声をかけてくれるし…。挨拶も一番によくしてくれる…。』=『Even now, he's whispering so that sensei doesn't notice... He always says hi to me first too...』
『これって……心配してくれてる、っていうか…もしかして…好意を持ってくれてるのかな……？』=『Is he... actually worried about me? ...Or maybe... does he like me...?』
『う、うん…。ありがとう…』=『O-Okay... thanks...』
『…こんなに優しい茂部君でも、好きな人とは…やっぱり激しくエッチしたいって思うのかな…？…私とおじさんみたいに…。』=『...Would even a sweet guy like him... want to have rough sex, with the girl he loves...? ...Like how me and uncle do it...』
『もし…もしだけど…本当に私が茂部君の好きな人だったら…もしかして…私がオナニーの時の……オ、オカズに…されちゃったり…するの、かな…。』=『If... and it's a big if.... if he really thinks of me that way... then does he... use me as... m-masturbation material too... when he... does, it...?』
『ここのところ毎晩、毎晩…私がおじさんのことを考えてシてるみたいに…。茂部君が私のことを考えて…』=『Like how I do it every night... thinking of uncle... does he do it too, thinking of me...』
『私のおっぱいやお尻や……おマンコを…想像して…。私…茂部君のエッチな妄想の中で……犯されたり……』=『Does he think of my boobs, my butt... or my pussy.... Does he... violate me... in his fantasies....』
『…きっと私よりは力が強いから、押し倒されたりしても…抵抗できなくて…敵わなくて…。』=『...He's probably a lot stronger than me, so even if he were to push me down... I wouldn't be able to resist... wouldn't be able to do anything...』
『無理やり脱がされて、おっぱいを剥き出しにされたり…揉まれたり……下を脱がされて……脚を広げられて…』=『He'd strip me, pull out my boobs... fondle them... pull off my panties... spread my legs...』
『きっとおチンポはガチガチに…反り返って…。…おじさんじゃないとイヤなのに…私のおマンコにねじ込まれちゃうのかな。』=『I bet his dick would be rock hard... arching... even if I cry that I don't want it from anyone but uncle... would he still stuff it into my pussy anyway...』
『っ！ダメ！…好きな人じゃないのに……こんな妄想するなんておかしい。見境がなくなってきてる…。』=『--! No! ...He's not even the man I love... what am I even doing? I'm losing my mind...』
『…はぁ…ふぅ…、はぁ…』=『...Haah... fuuuh... haah....』
『欲しい…。茂部くんのじゃなくて…おじさんのおチンポ……。おっきいおチンポが欲しい…。』=『I want it... not Mob-kun's... uncle's cock... I want his huge cock in me...』
『もう…、が、我慢できないよ………。壊れちゃう…。その前に…どうにかしなきゃ……。』=『I can't... t-take it anymore... I'm going to break... I need to.. do something before that....』
『あのっ、せ、先生。私、…お手洗いに行ってきます』=『Uhm--, s-sensei. I... I need to use the restroom.』
『おう、小鳥遊。お前顔色悪いぞ。…１人で大丈夫か？』=『Oh, Takanashi. You really don't look all that good. ...Need someone else to go with you?』
『やっぱり、体調悪いみたいに見えるんだ。』=『They really do think I look unwell.』
『は、はい。大丈夫です。ちょっと失礼します』=『Y-Yes. I'll be fine. Excuse me.』
『疼き具合が恥ずかしい。…何か気付かれそうな気がしてそっと席を立ち上がり、廊下に出た。』=『It's embarrassing how much I'm throbbing. ...Not wanting to give it away, I got up as quietly as I could, and went out into the hallway.』
『はぁ、ふぅ…』=『Haah, fuuh...』
『どうしてもおじさんに会いたい…。ずっと堪えてたけど、このままじゃ私…勉強も何もかもダメになっちゃう…。』=『I want to see him no matter what... I've been enduring it until now but, at this rate I... won't be able to do anything anymore...』
『変態でエッチな考えばっかり浮かんで…日を追うごとに手につかなくなってるのがわかるの。』=『The only things I think of these days are pervy ones... even I can tell just how much my own attention span is deteriorating day by day.』
『……先生に怒られちゃってもいいから、今から…少しの時間でいいから…』=『....I don't care if sensei gets mad at me. Just for a bit... I want to...』
『用務員室に行こう。それで、もしおじさんがいたら……お願いしてみよう。』=『Let's go to the custodian's room. And if uncle's there... I'll ask him.』
『仕事で忙しくても強引にでも、どうにか誘って…』=『Even if he's busy with work, even if I have to beg him, I have to seduce him, because I...』
『…シたいの。もう、もう…どうしても我慢できないの。不安で切なくて寂しくて、体が熱くて…物足りなくて…。』=『...I want to do it. I, I just... I can't take it anymore. I'm so anxious, so lonely, so depressed, my body's burning up and... hungry...』
『もう…限界……』=『I... can't anymore...』
『はぁっ…はぁっ……はぁっ…』=『Haah--... haah--... haah--...』
『脚を動かしたら分かるくらい、おマンコがぬるぬるに濡れて…溢れてる…。』=『My pussy's overflowing so much... I can tell just by walking around...』
『こんな時、ちょっと前までは…少しオナニーすれば収まってたけど…。』=『Until just a few days ago... masturbating a bit would have made it go away but...』
『おじさんとセックスできない間…いっぱいシちゃって…。でも足りなくて…回数もどんどん増えて…。』=『I've done it so much in the... time I haven't had sex with him... but it's no longer enough... I keep doing it more and more but...』
『何回イっても、おじさんにイかされるのと違って。イってもイっても……満足出来なくて…。』=『No matter how much I cum, it feels different from when he makes me cum. No matter how much I cum... it never feels as good...』
『はぁはぁっ…おじさん…はぁ、…はぁ…』=『Haahaaah--... uncle.... haah... haaah....』
『職員トイレの前に………おじさんがいる。』=『In front of the staff toilet... that's, uncle.』
『お、おじさんっ…！！』=『U-Uncle--...!!』
さてと、この男性トイレから掃除を始めるか。先生様方はうるさいからなぁ。=Now then, guess I'll start with the men's toilet first. They'll never shut up about it if I don't.
…面倒くさい。職員トイレでしかも男性用だ。こんな場所を掃除すると思うだけで憂鬱になる。=...What a pain. Not only is it for the school staff, it's the men's one at that. Just thinking about having to clean this place is making me depressed.
トイレ掃除で少し気分があがるのは女子生徒が使う生徒用の女子トイレだ。=The only toilet that makes me feel anything while cleaning it is the one used by the female students, of course.
女子生徒といえば…ああ、そうだ。乙羽ちゃんだ。=Of course, when I think about female students here... Otoha-chan comes to mind.
ここ最近の乙羽ちゃんは必死で可愛いなぁ…。俺が話を逸らしてあしらうたびに露骨な言い方をしてくる。=She's been so adorable lately, it's unreal... Everytime I brush her off, she blurts out her real thoughts.
…でもちょっとやり過ぎたかな。あの様子じゃ、勉強がそっちのけになっていそうだ。=...But I think I overdid it. Looking at her, she's in no state to focus on her studies anymore.
いや、おかげで可哀想なぐらい、完全にデキ上がっているだろう。=Then again, thanks to that, she's been turning out perfect.
掃除が終わったら、そろそろ夕方に呼び出して……=Once I'm done cleaning up here, I guess I'll tell her to come to my room in the evenin...
『お、おじさん…！っはぁ、っはぁ…』=『U-Uncle...! Haah, haaah...』
『お…』=『Oh?...』
思っていた矢先に、当人が来るとは驚いた。=Speak of the devil. I didn't think she'd show up here.
頬を染めて、瞳を潤ませ、息が荒く、肩を上下させている。=Her cheeks were flushed, her eyes were moist, her breathing was ragged and her shoulders were shaking.
まさかとは思うが、補習を抜け出して俺を探しに出てきてしまったのだろうか。=It was really unlikely for a girl like her but, did she sneak out of classes just to come see me?
だとすれば、夕方など待たなくてもいい。だが、せっかくだ。少し焦らして楽しもう。=If so, I don't really need to wait for evening to come. Still, a bit of teasing shouldn't hurt.
『おやおや、どうしたのかな？…体調でも悪いのかい？』=『Oh dear, what's the matter? ...Do you feel unwell?』
『こ、これは…た、体調っていうか…はぁ、はぁ…』=『I-I'm not... t-this is more... haah, haah....』
『顔も赤いし、息も荒い。熱でもありそうだよ。保健室に行くところかな？』=『Your face is all red and your breathing's rough. You might have a fever. Are you on your way to the nurse's office?』
『ち、違うのぉ……。そうじゃなくて…』=『N-No... that's not it...』
もじもじと体を揺すって、眉根を寄せている。何が起こっているのかは検討がついている。だが…。=She fidgeted restlessly, furrowing her brows and frowning. Of course, I knew what was up. But...
『じゃあ、トイレでも我慢してたのかな？でも、ここは職員用だから生徒は……』=『Were you holding 'it' in or something then? But this one's for staff use only, the student toilet is...』
『お手洗い、でもないの…。っはー、はー……おじさん……っ…はぁ、ふー…』=『It's not that, either... haah, haah... uncle... haah, fuuh...』
わずかに唇を尖らせ、薄く開いた間から湿った熱い息を吐いている。=Her pouty lips opened slightly, letting out a hot and moist breath.
『うん？どうしちゃったのかな…？補習中の時間だろう？心配だなぁ…』=『You sure? Then what's up...? It should be class time for you, no? Now I'm worried...』
『私、このままじゃヘンになっちゃう…！』=『I'll go crazy at this rate...!』
『変？…変になるってどういうことだい？』=『Crazy? ...What do you mean?』
『おじさんが…っ…おじさんがいないと、このままだとヘンになっちゃうのぉ…』=『Without... without you, I really will go crazy, uncle...』
その時だった。=It was then.
乙羽ちゃんが抱き着くように躊躇なく俺との距離を詰めて…=She closed in, as if to embrace me...
やにわに、片手で俺の股間をそっと包み、乱惑した動きで撫で上げてきた。=Suddenly, she grasped my crotch with one hand gently, and started stroking it in a crazed manner.
『はーっ、っはー…、欲しいのぉ…。これ……、シたい。おじさんとシたいのぉ…。もうヘンになってるのぉ』=『Haah, haah... I want it... I... want to do it. I want to do it with you... I'm going crazy, uncle.』
『こらこら、乙羽ちゃん、こんなところで…』=『Hey now, Otoha-chan, not in a place like this...』
口でそう言いながらも、内心ここまでサカってしまったのかとほくそ笑む。=Even as I said that with my mouth, inside I was chuckling at just how badly she was in heat.
『こんなところって、おじさん以外誰もいないもん。それより私、今シたいの、セックスしたくて仕方ないの』=『What do you mean, there's nobody here other than you. And I want to do it, right now, I want to do it so bad I can't take it.』
別人のようなとろけた口調で、ねっとりとイチモツをいきり立たせるかのように優しく執拗にまさぐっている。=With a sensual tone that almost didn't sound like her, she sensually yet persistently ran her hand over my thing, trying to make it get up.
『っふー…っふー…はぁ、はぁ…』=『Fuuh... fuuh... haah, haah...』
一心不乱に徐々に膨らみ硬くなっていく股間をぐるぐると撫でまわし、しごき上げながら息を更に荒くしている。=She rubbed my slowly hardening rod with all her heart and soul, and her breath became more ragged with every stroke.
『こんなところじゃ駄目だって言っ…』=『I told you, not in a place like...』
『おじさん、私に飽きちゃったの…？はぁ、はぁ…私、ずっとおじさんとシたくてシたくて会いにきてたのに』=『Uncle, have you gotten tired of my body...? Haah, haah... even though I've been so desperate to see you and do it with you for so long.』
『はーっはー…それとも…はぁはぁ…もしかして莉乃ちゃんとエッチな関係になってるの…？』=『Haah, haaah... or are you... haahaaah... doing it with Rino-chan instead these days...?』
一瞬怯んでしまったが、尋ねるということは乙羽ちゃんの想像なのだろう。=I flinched for a second but, the fact that she was asking meant that it was still just her imagination at work.
臨戦態勢となってテントを作った股間の布を、指先と掌を使って愛撫しながら、潤ませた目でじっと見つめてくる。=She stared at me with moist eyes, while rubbing the fabric of the tent I was pitching with her finger and palm.
『私、おじさんのためなら、なんでもするよ？なんでもしたいの。どんなことでもするから…』=『I'd do anything for you, you know? I want to do anything and everything. I really do mean it....』
『はぁ、はぁ、はぁ…だ、だから……』=『Haah, haah, haaah... s-so...』
そう、言いながら興奮でもたつく手で下着に手を入れると怒張した陰茎を露出させた。=As she said that, her hands, fumbling from her own excitement, slowly reached into my underwear and exposed my ridiculous bulge.
ぶるんと反り返った禍々しい雄しべが揺れる。=My towering, sinister growth shook over her face.
『莉乃ちゃんとシてても、私の方がずっと気持ちよくするから…。本当に何でもするからぁ…。はぁ、はぁ…』=『Even if you do it with her, I guarantee you I'll make you feel better... I really will do anything so... haah, haah...』
『と、とにかく…ここじゃマズイから』=『A-Anyways... we really can't do it here.』
さすがに廊下では誰かに見られかねないので、急いでトイレの個室に乙羽ちゃんを招き入れた。=It really would be trouble if someone saw us from the hallway, so I quickly took her with me into one of the stalls.
『はぁーっ、はぁーっ…』=『Haaah--, haaah...』
『乙羽ちゃん、いくらなんでもあんなところで…』=『Otoha-chan, you really shouldn't have done it there...』
『……でも、あんなことをしてしまうほどいやらしい気分になってるのかい？』=『....Still, are you that pent up, to the point of doing it so brazenly?』
『そうなの…。はぁはぁ、ふぅ、ふぅ…んっ…っはぁ…ふぅ、はぁ…』=『I really am... haaahaaah, fuuh, fuuh... nn--... haah... fuuh, haah...』
『ははは、そうかそうか』=『Hahaha, I see I see.』
『ぁんっ…はーっはーっ…ふぅ、はぁ、っはっは…』=『Ahn---... haaah--, haaah--... fuuh, haah, hah--, hah...』
『もう濡らしちゃってるのかな？』=『Are you already wet down there?』
『…うん、っは、ぁ…はぁ、はぁ…はぁ…』=『...Yeah, hah, ah... haah, haah... haah...』
『もうぐちょぐちょなの…。パンツもマン汁まみれで…脱いでないのに、太ももまで垂れてきてて…』=『I'm a sopping wet mess... my panties are drenched in pussyjuice... I didn't even take them off, and it's already oozing down my thighs...』
『それは補修中にオマンコいじって、それだけじゃ足りないからおじさんのところに来ちゃったのかな？』=『Were you already playing with yourself during class? Did you come to me because it wasn't enough?』
焦らすたびに期待が高まる。欲情し切った頬に肉杭を当て続ける。この様子では、喜んでさえいるようだ。=The more I teased her, the more excited I myself got. I kept pressing my meat rod against her own lust filled cheeks. Looking at her though, she was loving it.
『っぁ、ぁ…。違うのぉ…まだどこもいじってないぃ…』=『Ah, ah... no, I didn't... I haven't touched myself anywhere at all yet...』
『本当かなあ？』=『Is that true now?』
『本当だよぉ…。はぁ、はぁ…私、っ私……』=『It is... haah, haah... I--, I....』
『はぁ、はぁ…教室で、先生も他の男子もいたのに…見つめてたら勝手に濡れてきちゃって……』=『Haah, haah... just looked at the, teacher and the boys in class... made me like this...』
『へぇ。…何を見つめてたらおマンコ汁が溢れてきちゃったのかな？』=『Hoh. ...And looking at exactly which part of them made you like this?』
『これ…。お……おチン……チン…』=『This... t-the... di... ck...』
『おちんちん？…もう何度もちゃんとした言い方を教えてるだろう？』=『"Dick"? ...Haven't I already taught you the right word for it?』
『はーっはー…お…っ…おチンポ……』=『Haaaahaaah... c... cock...』
『そうそう。それで…ただそこにいる男を見てるだけで交尾したくなったんだ？そいつらとシたいのかい？』=『That's it. So then... just looking at the guys there made you want to mate? You wanna do it with that lot?』
『…はぁはぁ…か、勘違いしないで…。好きなのはおじさんなの。おじさんとだけシたいの…』=『... Haaahaaaah... d-don't misunderstand, uncle... you're the one I love, you're the one I want to do it with...』
『なのに、ふぅ、はぁ…おじさんはずーっと私とシてくれない。会ってもすぐどこかに行っちゃうし…』=『And yet, fuuh, haah... you keep ignoring me. You won't do me at all, running away everytime I see you...』
『そりゃあ…忙しかったからなぁ』=『Well, yeah... I was busy.』
白々しく言ってみるも、乙羽ちゃんは何も気付かないほど興奮しきっているようだ。=Even I thought it was shameless, but her head was so fried that she didn't even realize.
『はー、ふー…寂しいよぉ…切ないよぉ…。おじさんとセックスしないと、何も頭に入らなくなってるの…』=『Haah, fuuh... I feel so lonely... so untouched... my brain's refusing to work at all, telling me to have sex with you...』
『これ、欲しかったの、おチン…ポ…。おじさんのおチンポ…。はぁはぁ…スッン、スン……ふ、はぁ…はぁはぁ』=『I wanted, this... I wanted your cock... haaahaaah... *sniff*, *sniff*... fuh, haah... haaahaaah』
『あぁ、この匂い…頭からっぽになっちゃう…』=『Aah, this smell... my head's going blank...』
『乙羽ちゃんは学業そっちのけでこんなことをしてるんだね？』=『So this is what your mind's been focused on these days instead of your studies, huh?』
『だってぇ…。はふ、はぁっ…っぁ、スン…っふ…スン、スン…おじさんの…はぁ……好きぃ…』=『I can't help it... haafuuh, haah--... ah, *sniff*... fuuh... *sniff*, *sniff*... uncle... haah... I love...』
『何が好きなんだい？』=『Love what?』
『はぁはぁ、これぇ…っはぁ、はぁ……このおっきくてぶっといオチンポぉ……』=『Haah, haah, this... haah, haah... I love your big, fat cock...』
『はあ…、こんなに発情して。ここ１０日ほど乙羽ちゃんはどうやって我慢していたんだい？』=『Haah... look at you. Just how did you even survive these past 10 days?』
『はぁはぁ…おじさんの、ん、…おチンポが欲しくてぇ…ふぅ、はぁ……』=『Haahhaaah... I kept craving, nnn... your cock so bad... fuuh, haah...』
『はーはー…毎晩、おじさんとズボハメしてたの思い出してやらしいこと考えながら…何回も…ひとりで…』=『Haahaaah... every night, while thinking back to those times you fucked me hard... I...』
『はぁはぁ…お、オナニー…毎日…オナニーしてたのぉ…。でも足りないのぉ…。おじさんもう頂戴…。これ…、チンポちょうだぁい…』=『haaahaaah... m-masturbated... several times... every single day... but it wasn't enough, not at all... uncle, just give it to me... please... your cock...』
『仕方ないなぁ。このままだと本当に壊れちゃいそうだし…ここでこれ以上は……』=『So be it then. You really will break at this rate so... I suppose I'll...』
『んちゅっ、ちゅぶっ…んぶっ…ちゅぶっ…ぶ…んぶっ…んっぢゅっ、じゅっ…じゅぶっ…』=『*suck*, *shlub*... *nnbluh*... *shlub*... *buh*... *nnbuh*... *nnshuck*... *shluck*... *shlub*...』
『ちゅぶっ、じゅぶ、じゅぶっ…っちゅぽ…ん、ぶ…ん、じゅ…っちゅぷ…ちゅぷっ、じゅぷっ…っぢゅっ…』=『*shlub*, *shlub*, *shlub*... *shlop*... nn, *bbhuh*... nn, *shlurp*... *shlup*... *shlup*, *shlurp*... *shluck*...』
『んぼっ…じゅぼぉっ…じゅっじゅっ…ぢゅぼっ…んふ、ちゅぷっ、んぼっ…じゅぷっ、ぷっ…』=『*Nnbluh*... *shlob*... *shluzzshluzz*... *shlob*... nnfuh, *shlup*, *nnbloh*... *shlup*, puh...』
『はぁっ、はぁっ、はぁっ…おじさんの…いっぱい…すごいの…。はぁ、はぁ…っはぁ…』=『Haah--, haah--, haah--.... so much of your... stuff... wow.... haah, haah... haah...』
『乙羽ちゃん、一気にフェラがうまくなったねぇ…。実はおじさん以外としてたんじゃないのかい？』=『Otoha-chan, you really did get better at blowjobs overnight... Did you go around blowing other men too?』
『違うぅ…はぁ、ん、はぁ…おじさん以外となんて絶対しないよぉ…。好きで好きで必死にしただけなのぉ。』=『No... haah, nn, haah... I would never... I love you so much, I was just so desperate...』
『そうかそうか…。』=『I see, I see...』
『ふぅ、はぁ、はぁ、はぁ…おじさん…私…この匂いでもう我慢できない…。』=『Fuuh, haah, haah, haah... uncle... I... can't take it anymore, the smell is....』
『この匂いって…？』=『The smell of what...?』
『おじさんの、…精子……おチンポ汁の匂い……。はぁ、はぁ…』=『Your... sperm... the smell of your, dick milk... haah, haah...』
『今日はとっても素直でおじさん嬉しいよ。』=『You're being really honest today, I'm very pleased.』
『はあ、はぁ…おじさんが嬉しいと私も嬉しいの…。たまらなくなるの…。』=『Haah, haah... if you're happy then I'm happy... too happy, I can't...』
『わ、私の…初めては…全部…全部あげたいの…。はーはー…おじさんに…はぁはぁ…もらって欲しいの…。』=『I-I want... to give you... all of... all of my firsts... haahaaah.... I want you to... haahaaah... take them all...』
『全部？』=『All of them?』
『うん…。ふぅ、はぁ…あそこ…ううん、お、おマンコの処女は…おじさんにもらってもらったから……』=『Yeah... fuuh, haah.... down there... no, I mean, y-you already took... my pussy's virginity so...』
『今度は…こっち…。はぁ、はぁ……は、初めての…お尻……。こっちもおじさんが初めてにして欲しいの…。』=『This time... here... haah, haah.... m-my butt's... virginity... I want you to, break it in too....』
『はぁ、はぁ…見て…………』=『Haah, haah... look...』
『私の体すべて…おじさんのものだよ…』=『My body, all of it... it's all yours, uncle...』
『でも、乙羽ちゃん…こんなところ…本当にいいのかい？』=『But, Otoha-chan... here of all places... are you really sure?』
『いいの…。そうして欲しいの…。全部おじさんのものになりたいの…。だから……はぁはぁ…』=『I am... I want you to do it... I want to become yours, completely... so... haahaaah....』
『おじさんの…おチンポ…ここに…挿入[い/2]れて……？』=『Put your... cock... in... here...?』
『そうか。乙羽ちゃんがそこまでいうなら……こっちの初めてもおじさんがもらっちゃうね…』=『I see. Well, if that's how badly you want it then... I'll be taking your anal virginity too, alright?...』
『はぁはぁ…う、うん…。はぁ…はぁ…』=『Haahaaah... o-okay... haah... haah...』
『じゃあ、行くよ？ほら、力を抜いて…』=『Then, here I come. C'mon, relax....』
『んっ…っは……っぁ…』=『Nn--... haah.... ah....』
『んんっ…っつ……ぃ、…ぁ…ぅ…っはっは…っは、…あっ！……うっ…く……』=『Nnnn--.... tsss.... ih... ah... u.... hah, hah.... hah... ah--! ....Uu--... kuh....』
『おや、初めてにしては飲み込むのが…。おじさんは何もしていないし…ここは初めてなんだよね？』=『Oh? It sure is going in easy for your first time... and it's not like we've done any foreplay here... it really is your first time here, right?』
『はーっ…っはー……は、初めてっ…っ…だよっ…。お、おじさんのためにっ…会ってない間ずっと…』=『Haah... haah... I-It is--... my first, time.... j-just for you... while I couldn't see you...』
『んぅ…っふー…ふー…指で…おじさんのっ……おチンポを受け入れられるように…自分で少し…広げてた…の…』=『Nn... fuuh... fuuh... I've been... loosening it up--.... with my fingers... so that your cock... goes in... easy....』
『ああ、だからかぁ…。それでもちょっとキツいなぁ…。指程度と本物じゃ全然違うだろう？』=『Aah, so that's why... and yet it's still a bit tight... the real thing's completely different from your fingers, no?』
『んっ…ぅん…っは…ぅ…あっ…まだちょっと痛いけど…な、慣れてきてるから…だ、大丈夫…。あぅ…っ…っは…』=『Nn--... yeah.... hah... uu.... ah--.... it still hurts a bit but... I-I'm getting used to it... s-so I'm fine... auu... hah....』
『お、おじさんに全部初めてを貰ってもらえて…幸せっ…だから…嬉しい…、す、好きなだけ…シて…』=『I-I'm really happy since you took... all my... firsts... so... d-do me as much... as you like...』
『じゃあ、少しずつ動かしていくよ』=『Alright, then I'm gonna start moving bit by bit.』
『はーっはー…おじさんが好きなだけ、んっ…お尻の穴も…ぁ、っは…ぅ…ぁ…はぁ、はぁ…犯して…』=『Haahaaah.... uncle, ravish my butthole, nn--... as much as.... ah, hah.... uu... ah... haah, haah... you want....』
『あぁ…、すごくキツキツで…締め付けてくる。乙羽ちゃんは…本当に平気かい？』=『Aah... it's so tight and... clingy. Are you really... okay, Otoha-chan?』
『う、うん…。はぁ、あっ…大丈夫…。ちょっとだけど…指で…気持ちよくなってたから…おチンポでも…あぅ…』=『Y-Yeah... haah, ah--... I'm okay... it was only a bit but... even my fingers... felt pretty nice so... even your dick should... auuu....』
『…おじさんの、おチンポなら……んぅっ…絶対…き、気持ちよく、なれるから…。いっぱい…突いて…、ぁ、っん…』=『...If it's your, dick then... nn--... I'll definitely.... l-learn to, love it so... pound me... lots.... ah, nnn....』
『私の…こっちの初めてでも…んっ、気持ちよく…なって…。あっ、うっ…っは…』=『Enjoy my... first time... nn--, down here.... too... ah--, uu--... hah....』
『乙羽ちゃん、どうだい？』=『Otoha-chan, how is it?』
『あっ、っ、うっ…ああっ…あっ、あんっ…ん、はっ…すごく…気持ち…い……んあっ…、あっ…』=『Ah--, uu--... aah--... ah--, ahn--... nn, hah--... it feels... fantas... tic... nnah--... ah--...』
『んっ…ああっ…あっ、そのまま…あっ…はっ…シてっ…ああっ…あっ、あんっ…動いて…！』=『Nn--... aaah--... ah--, keep doing it... ah--... haah--... like that--.... aah--... ah--, ahn--... keep going...!』
『っはー…っぁ…ぁ…はぁ…はー…んあ…っぁ…はー…はー……はぁー…ぁ…』=『Haah... ah... ah... haah... haaah... nnah... ah.. haah... haah... haaah... ah...』
『おじさんの…おチンポで…いっぱい…いっぱい…何度も…イっちゃった……。』=『I came... so many times... so so many times... from his... cock...』
『乙羽ちゃん、初めてのアナルですごい乱れ方をしたねぇ。おじさん、びっくりしたよ』=『Otoha-chan, you sure went wild for your first ever anal. What a surprise that was.』
『はー…はー……お尻…アナル…気持ちよくて…。はぁーはぁー…っあっ…はー…っはー…』=『Haah... haah... my butt... my anus... felt so good... haah, haaah... ah--... haah... haah...』
『アナルも…頭も…もうぐちゃぐちゃで…んんっ…はぁ…いつも以上に体がフワフワして…すごく…満たされてるの……』=『My butt... and my head too... they're both such a mess... nnn--... haah... my body feels more floofy than usual... I feel... super satisfied...』
『これで乙羽ちゃんのおマンコもアナルも、初めては全部おじさんがもらっちゃったね』=『With this, you really did give me all your firsts, Otoha-chan.』
『はー…はぁ…んっ……う、嬉しい……。気持…ち、よかった…？…はぁ、…はぁ…はぁ……はぁ…』=『Haah... haah.... nnn... I-I'm so happy... did... it, feel good...? Haah... haah... haah... haah...』
『とってもよかったよ。気持ちよすぎていっぱいザーメン出しちゃうくらいに』=『It felt fantastic. So much so I came out a whole lot, no?』
『…よ、かった…。はぁ、はぁはぁ…っ…私…だけじゃなく…て…はーはー、おじさんも…気持ちよくなれて…』=『...G, reat... haah, haaahaaah... that it... wasn't just... me.... haahaah, and that... you enjoyed it too....』
『乙羽ちゃん、自分で開発してお尻を差し出すなんて…一途でエッチですごく可愛いよ』=『Otoha-chan, I never thought you'd present your self-loosened butt to me like that... you're so lewd and adorable.』
『おじさん…はー…ぁ…っはー…はー…ん、…はーっ…ん……はぁはぁ…』=『Uncle... haah... ah... haah... haah... nn... haah.... nnn.... haahaah...』
『全身まだ痺れてる…動けないよぉ…。ずっとこうしてたい…。大好きなおじさんと…いっぱいエッチしてたい…。』=『My body's still so numb... I can't move... I want to be like this forever... I want to have lots of sex, with the uncle I love so much...』
『ぁ…はー…っぁ……はー…はー……はぁー…ぁ…はー…っはー…はー……ぁ…はぁ、はぁ…』=『Ah... haah... ah.... haah... haah... haaah... ah... haah... haah... haah... ah... haah, haah...』
『もし莉乃ちゃんと何をしてたとしても…。ここまで…こんな風に、シてあげられるのは私だけのはず。』=『Even if he is doing something on the side with Rino-chan... the only one who'd go this far... who'd do all this for him, is me.』
『はぁ、はぁ、はぁ…はー…ぁ…ふー………はぁー…ぁ…はー…はー…っはー…はぁ……はぁ…はぁ…』=『Haah, haah, haah... haah... ah... fuuh... haah... ah... haah... haah... haah... haah... haah... haah...』
『私が、一番おじさんを満足させてあげられるんだから…。』=『I'm the one, who knows how to satisfy him the best...』
『補習が全部終わって、先生が出て行き、他の皆も片づけを済ませてどんどん教室から出ていった。』=『With all the classes finished, and the teacher already gone, the other students also packed their things up and left one by one.』
『私も片づけをしながら、マナーモードのスマホを手に取って早速おじさんにＬＩＭＥを送る。』=『I packed up my stuff myself, while quickly sending a message to uncle via LIME on my phone.』
『《補習が終わったよ。今からおじさんの部屋に行っていいかな？》』=『<Classes just finished, uncle. Would you mind, if I came over right now?>』
『送信して…すぐに返事がきた。』=『I sent it... and got a reply back right away.』
『《今、部屋にはいないんだ》』=『<I'm not in my room right now.>』
『《どこにいるの？》』=『<Where are you then?>』
『《保健室で留守番を頼まれてね。時間がかかりそうだから、今日はもう帰っていいよ》』=『<Got tasked with watching over the infirmary, you see. I'm gonna be a while, so feel free to head home today.>』
『《そうなんだ。じゃあ、保健室に行ってもいいかな？》』=『<Huh, I see. Do you mind if I come over there too, then?>』
『《ああ、待ってるよ》』=『<Not at all. Come over whenever.>』
『やった。早くおじさんのいる保健室に…』=『Yay. Let's go right...』
『小鳥遊さん』=『Takanashi-san.』
『わ…！』=『Wah...!』
『びっくりした。スマホでのやりとりに夢中になってて、茂部君がすぐそこにいるだなんて思わなかった。』=『That surprised me. I was staring so hard into my phone, I didn't even notice Mob-kun just standing right there.』
『驚かせたかな。ごめんね』=『Did I surprise you? Sorry.』
『ううん、私こそ。それで、何かな…？』=『No, my bad. So then, what is it...?』
『あー…えっと、その…今日、…一緒に帰らない？』=『Ah... erhm, uh... say... wanna walk home together today?』
『ど、どうかな？』=『H-How about it?』
『好意を持たれているのは何となく分かってたけど、誘われるなんて…。でも、おじさんのところに行きたいし…』=『I did know that he liked me but, I never expected him to be so assertive... but, I want to go visit uncle too...』
『えっと…あの、ごめんね。私、寄るところがあるんだ』=『Erhm... uhm, sorry. I'm not going to go straight home, so.』
『そっか。じゃあさ、…校門まででも一緒に帰ろうよ』=『Ah, I see. Then.... let's walk to the school gate together, at least.』
『ぁ、えっと…』=『Ah, erhm...』
『断れた、と思ったのに…。困ったな…。』=『Why won't he take a hint... What a bother...』
『もし急いでるなら、俺も速足で歩くしさ』=『If you're in a hurry, I can walk fast.』
『い、いいよ。そんなの悪いし』=『I-It's fine. I'd feel bad.』
『俺は気にしないけど…。それとも寄るところって学校内なの？』=『I don't really mind it myself though... or is it somewhere inside the school?』
『う、うん。まぁ…』=『N-Nnn. Well, kinda...』
『先生に何か頼まれ事でもした？もしそうだったら、俺、手伝うからさ』=『Did sensei ask you to take care of something? If so, I don't mind lending a hand.』
『ううん、そうじゃないの』=『No, it's nothing like that.』
『うーん、そっか…。だったら、用事が終わるまで待てるから終わったら、また教室に…』=『Hmm, I see... In that case, I can wait until you're done, we can just meet back he...』
『ち、違うの。その…実は…えっと…あまり具合が良くないから、保健室に寄ろうと思ってて…』=『I-I'ts not like that. Uhm... I actually... erhm... don't feel all that good, so I thought that maybe I'd hit up the infirmary...』
『えっ！大丈夫？』=『Eh--! You okay?』
『嘘ついてごめんね…。放っておいて欲しいの…。早くおじさんのところに行きたいから…。』=『I'm sorry for lying.... but please leave me alone... I want to go visit uncle already...』
『うん、大丈夫。少し休むだけだから…。』=『Yeah, I'm okay. I'm just gonna rest for a bit...』
『俺、付き添うよ。この間も具合悪そうだったし。１人にするのは心配だよ』=『I don't mind waiting upon you. You looked off the other day too, so I'd just worry if I left you alone.』
『う、ううん。ほんと、ほんとに大丈夫だから…。えっと、ごめんっ、もういくね』=『N-No, really. I really am fine so... erhm, sorry--, I'm gonna go.』
『あ、小鳥遊さんっ』=『Ah, Takanashi-san--』
『もう、茂部君ってば…。こんなに断ってるのに…。』=『Jeez, Mob-kun is so... he really needs to learn to take a hint...』
『おじさん、待たせてないかな…。急がなくちゃ。』=『I hope I haven't made uncle wait too long... I need to hurry.』
物音に、留守を頼んだ保健医が帰ってきたのかと思ったがノックをするなら違うだろう。生徒だろうか。=Hearing the sounds, I thought that the infirmary physician was finally back, before hearing some knocks on the door. The physician wouldn't knock, so it was probably a student.
そのまま黙って様子をうかがっていると、あまり音を立てずに、誰かがこそこそと入ってくる。=As I just waited without a word, someone slipped their way inside, without making too much sound.
『あれ、誰も…いない…？先生か…おじさんがいるはずだけど…』=『Huh, there's... nobody...? There should be... at least either the nurse, or uncle....』
どうやら乙羽ちゃんのようだ。=It was Otoha-chan, from the looks of things.
『遅かったね』=『You got here pretty late.』
『あ、おじさん！よかった。あの、遅くなってごめんなさい。……そっちにいるの？』=『Ah, uncle! Thank god. Uhm, sorry about that. ....Are you over there?』
俺が座っているベッドの方へと、声を頼りに歩いてくる。=She made her way towards the bed I was on, only relying on the direction of my voice.
『こっちだよ。誰もいないから入っておいで』=『Over here. There's nobody here so come on.』
ベッドを仕切っているカーテンを開けて、乙羽ちゃんが入ってくる。=She pulled aside the curtain blocking the view, before making her way past it.
『こんなとこにいたんだ。ちょっと待たせちゃったね…。ごめんなさい』=『So this is where you were. Sorry... I didn't mean to make you wait.』
『何かあったのかい？』=『Did something happen?』
『えっと…補習を一緒に受けてる男子に、あの後引き留められてちゃって…』=『Erhm... I got held up, by a boy attending the same extra classes...』
『おや、補習のことで相談でもされたのかな？』=『Oh? Was he asking for help with some class related things?』
『ううん。…一緒に帰りたいって誘われたの。断ったんだけど…なかなか諦めてくれなくて…』=『No. ...He wanted me to walk back along with him. I turned him down but... he kept pushing and...』
『へえ…』=『Hoh...』
顔も名前も知らないクソガキに、内心軽く舌打ちをする。=I clicked my tongue internally, at the brat whom I knew nothing about.
『乙羽ちゃんは、ついに男を誘っちゃったんだねえ』=『So you're finally starting to seduce other men too, huh?』
『えっ！！ち、違うよ、なんでそうなっちゃうの？私はそんなことしてないよ…！』=『Eh--!? I-I'm not, how did you get to that? I would never do that...!』
『でもねぇ…エッチなことをしてる女の子は勝手に色気が出ちゃうからなぁ…』=『But you know... girls who do lewd stuff all the time just have that aura around them...』
『…そ、そんなの…自分じゃわからないもん…。おじさんとのことは誰にも気付かれてないはずだし』=『....T-That's... not something I can do anything about... Nobody should have found out about you, either.』
『だから、乙羽ちゃんがどうあれ、勝手に自然とオスを欲情させて誘っちゃうんだよ』=『Like I said, it doesn't matter what you want, your aura and body just have that effect on men now.』
『もう…私が誘いたいのは、おじさんだけだよ。他の人じゃなくておじさんにだけそういう目で見られたいの』=『Jeez... the only one I want to seduce is you, you know. I don't want anyone else to look at me like that, only you.』
『そうなのかい？』=『Is that so?』
『うん、だって…おじさんのことを考えただけで、興奮してきちゃうし…今日も…エッチ、したくて…ここに来たんだもん』=『Yeah, I mean... just thinking about you is enough to make me horny and... it's the same today too... I came here because... I wanted to, have sex.』
『本当だよ…！補習中も気を抜いたら、おじさんと…エ、エッチすることばっかり考えちゃう…』=『It is...! If I let my guard down for a second in class, I always... e-end up thinking about doing lewd stuff with you...』
『それに…おじさんのことを思い出して…いつも…オ、オナニーしちゃうし…』=『Not to mention... I always think of you and... m-masturbate... everyday...』
『はぁ、はぁ…おじさんにやらしいことをしたり、されるごとに……エッチも…オナニーもどんどん気持ちよくなっちゃう…』=『Haah, haaah... everytime you do and, make me do lewd stuff... both sex and... even masturbation, start feeling better...』
『そんな切なそうな声を出して…』=『Really? With that sort of hungry tone too...』
『ん、はぁ…はぁ、だって…今ももう…濡れてきちゃってるんだよ。…だから、ね…シよ…？ おじさん』=『Nn, haah... haah, I can't... help it... I'm already so wet. ...So, you know... let's do it...? Uncle...』
もじもじしながら、目の前まで身を寄せてくる。=Even as she fidgeted, she made her way right up to me.
『おじさんの匂い、大好き。すごく安心する…。安心するし……すごく…ムラムラしてきちゃう…』=『I love how you smell, uncle. Your scent really calms me down... it calms me and... makes me so horny....』
服をはだけさせ、潤んだ目と声で訴えられる。=With her shirt pulled up, she begged me for it, with moist eyes and a soft voice.
それでもまだ、俺には、乙羽ちゃんにちょっかいを出そうとしたガキへの苛立ちが少し燻っていた。=But still, it wasn't enough for me to let go of my irritation over that brat poking his nose where it didn't belong.
『…おじさんが少しでも留守にしたら、その男の子とセックスしててもおかしくないぐらいサカってるねえ』=『...With how sex crazed you've gotten, if I was away for even a few hours, who knows if you'd have jumped that boy.』
『…んもう！意地悪な言い方しないで。ほんとに私はおじさんだけが欲しいの…』=『...Jeez! Don't be mean, uncle. You really are the only one in my eyes...』
『じゃあおじさんをどれだけ気持ちよく出来るかで証明してもらおうかな』=『Maybe I'll have you prove just how much you can do for me today, then.』
『ん…。はぁ、はぁ……わかった。じゃあ…今日は……私がいっぱい動いて…気持ちよくするね…』=『Nn... haah, haah.... got it. Then... for today... I'll do the moving... and make you feel amazing...』
言い終わると、乙羽ちゃんが遠慮なく俺に跨ってきた。=As soon as she was done saying that, she climbed onto the bed, and straddled me.
『…は、あっ…はぁ、はぁ…すごく硬くなってる。早く…ナカに…欲しい……』=『...Hah, ah--... haah, haah... you're so hard. I want it... inside...』
『あんっ…んっ…ん…濡れすぎてて、力抜いたらもう…このまま……っ挿入[はい/2]っちゃう…っ』=『Ahn--... nn--... nn... I'm so wet, just letting go made it... it might just... go in like this....』
『おじさんに跨って、オナニーしてるみたいだね』=『The way you're straddling me, don't you think it looks like you're using me to masturbate?』
『はぁはぁ…おじさんのおチンポでオナニーって…すっごくエッチ……』=『Haahaaaah.... masturbating using your cock... that sounds so lewd...』
『でも、おじさん、ねえ……このまま…ハメてぇ…』=『But, uncle, c'mon... fuck me... like this...』
『今日は乙羽ちゃんが動いて気持ちよくするんだろう？だったら最初から全部自分でやってごらん』=『Weren't you going to do the moving and make me feel good? C'mon, try doing everything yourself.』
『そ、そうだけど……。あんっ、でもこのままでもすごく気持ちいい……。これ…っ、いいよぉ…』=『I-I did say that but.... ahn--, it feels so good even just like this, uncle.... this... this is so good...』
『勝手に独りで気持ちよくなるなら、お預けしようかなあ』=『If you're going to just enjoy yourself like this, then maybe we should call it off for today.』
『やん、やだぁ…ごめんなさぃ…。はぁ、ああ…おじさんのおチンポ、オマンコで咥え込んで気持ちよくするからぁ』=『Yahn, no, please... I'm sorry.... haah, aaah... I'll put it in my pussy and make you feel good so pleaseee』
『そうかそうか。それじゃあ、ほら…挿入してごらん？』=『I see I see. Well then, c'mon... try putting it in yourself?』
『はあ…、んんん……あぁっ…、、お…おチンポ…おマンコの奥まで…ね、根元までっ…っは、っぁ……一番奥まで…挿入[はい/2]ったあ…』=『Haah... nnn.... aah--.... y... your cock... is going all the way into... m-my pussy--... hah, ah.... deep... inside...』
『うまくできたね。軽くイったみたいに中が震えて気持ちいいよ』=『Good job. You're twitching inside too, and it feels great.』
『だ、っ…だって…、っぁ、っは……ぉ、おっきすぎて…赤ちゃんの部屋…押し上げられてっ…っぁ…すごいっ…。おじさん…好きぃ…。っ…っぁ、っは、あ…っ』=『I--... I can't help it.... ah, hah... y-you're too big... it's pushing down... on my baby room... ah... wow... uncle... I love this... ah, hah, ah....』
『はぁはぁ…ん…はぁ、はぁ…』=『Haahaaaah... nn.... haah, haah...』
『小鳥遊さん、いる？』=『Takanashi-san, are you in there?』
『あれっ、誰もいないのかな…』=『Huh--, is there nobody in here....』
『…嘘っ…茂部、君…？』=『...No way--... Mob, kun...?』
『…ん、もしかして、アレがさっき言ってた男子かな？』=『...Nn, is that the boy you mentioned earlier?』
『やっ…。だ、黙って、や…やり過ごす…から。おじさんお願いっ…んっ…静かにっ…しててっ…。っは、っぁ…』=『Yah--.... q-quiet, j-just... let him pass... by. Please, uncle--... nn--... stay quiet--... for just a sec--.... hah, ah...』
『誰もいない…のかな？…お邪魔します。…小鳥遊さーん、もしかして…ベッドで休んでる…？』=『Is there... really nobody? ...Excuse me. ....Is Takanashi-san... resting on a bed....?』
『ああ、あの子であたりみたいだねぇ。…でもこのままじゃこっちまで確認しに来そうだし、適当に受け答えしてやり過ごそうか』=『Aah, I see, I get why you had trouble brushing him off. ...But at this rate he's going to come and pull the curtain aside, so just say this and that and shoo him away.』
『う、受け答え？！…こ、こんな…ぉ、おチンポ咥え込んでる状態で…そんな事…』=『Y-You want me to reply!? ...W-While... W-While I'm riding your cock?... That's...』
『ん？そんなにバレるのが怖いなら、チンポを抜こうか？その場合、今日はもうこの続きはしないことになるけど？』=『Nn? If you're that scared of being found out, should I pull out? It'll be over for today though, no redos.』
『そ、それはヤダぁ…。するっ…ちゃんと、するっから…んっ…ん、ううっ…んっ…』=『N-No way, I don't.... I'll do it... I'll do it, so... nn--... nn, uu--... nnn--...』
『唸ってる…？やっぱりそっちで寝てるの？ねえ、大丈夫？』=『Is that a groan...? Is that you, Takanashi-san? Hey, are you okay?』
『小鳥遊さ…』=『Takanashi-sa...』
乙羽ちゃんを呼ぶ男子[ガキ/2]が、図々しくも俺たちのいるベッドへと近づいてきた時…=Just as the brat that had come calling for her was brazenly making his way towards our bed...
『も、茂部君っ…なんで、ここにいるの？』=『M-Mob-kun--... why are, you here?』
乙羽ちゃんはそそくさと上着を整え、咄嗟に顔だけをカーテンから出した。=Otoha-chan rushed to fix her top, and poked her head out of the curtain.
『あ、小鳥遊さん。…俺、あれからさ、そのまま帰ろうかと下駄箱まで行ったんだけど…』=『Ah, Takanashi-san. ...You know, after that, I went down all the way to the shoe racks, thinking I'd just go home but...』
『う、うんっ…っ…』=『Y-Yeah....』
『その、やっぱり心配になってきてさ…どうしても気になったから戻って来てみたんだ』=『I erhm, I couldn't help but be worried... and well, I was curious so I came back.』
『そ、そうなんだ…。っ…んん、はぁ…、っ…そんな…いいのに…』=『I-I see... ....Nnn, haah.... you really... didn't have to...』
『やっぱり、すごく顔赤いね。熱、あるの？』=『Your face really is red. Do you have a fever?』
『そうかなっ？…ね、熱は…ない、よ。ちょっと…っは…っぅ…休んでっ…楽になってきてるし…』=『You think--? ....I-I don't... have a, fever. I'm feeling... hah... uu... better--... by the minute anyway...』
なにモーションかけてんだ、このガキ。乙羽ちゃんは俺専用の穴なんだよ。=Fuck's this dipshit making advances on her for? Otoha-chan's my private hole, you know?
『でも…なんだか苦しそうだね。本当に大丈夫？保健の先生いないよね、探して呼んでこようか？』=『But... you don't really look alright. You sure you're okay? The nurse isn't here either. Should I go and call her in?』
『っぁ、う…ぁ、頭がちょっと痛いだけで…ほんとっ…っふ…っぅ…。へ、平気だから、呼ばなくていい、よ…』=『Ah, uu... m-my head just hurts a bit, that's all... really... fuh... uu... I-I'm fine, so you don't, have to...』
『小鳥遊さん、無理しないでね。俺、ほんと心配だし…』=『Okay, but don't overdo it, Takanashi-san. I really am worried...』
…そんなに好きなら、チンポをぐっぽり咥え込んだメス顔を拝ませながら話させてやろう。=...Damn, you like her that much, huh? I guess I'll help you get a good look at her melty face as she straddles my cock while you chat with her.
『う、うんっ…っ、だいっ……、』=『Y-Yeah.... I-I'm o....』
『じょう…ぶ…っ！』=『ka... y....!』
『おじさっ…ん、、』=『Unc--... le--』
『……？え…ぁ、俺用事とかないし、もうちょっとここにいるよ』=『....? Eh... ah, I don't have anything to do or anything, so I'll stay by your side a bit longer.』
『っぁ…っぅ…』=『Ah... uu....』
『やっぱり人前でハメられるのが好きなんだなぁ…。いつもより一段と締まりがいいぞ』=『You really do love being fucked in front of other people, huh?.... You're way tighter than usual.』
『…そんな、や、めっ……っ！！…っ…！』=『...Don't, st--....!! ....!』
『…？えっと、、大丈夫…？』=『...? Erhm, you okay...?』
『き、気にしないっ…っ…っ…で…』=『D-Don't worry--... about it....』
『う、うん。小鳥遊さん、赤くなってるけど、熱…上がってる？』=『O-Okay. Takanashi-san, your face is getting pretty red... is your fever rising?』
『え、ぁ、そ…そうか…もっ。ぁっ、はぁ…っ』=『Eh, ah, m... may... be--. Ah--, haah...--』
『心配だし、もうちょっとここにいるよ。椅子は…っと』=『I'm getting pretty worried, so I'll stay here for a bit longer. Let's see... a chair.』
『っ、はーっ、はーっ…はふ、ぅ…はぁー…』=『Haah, haah... haffuh, uu... haah...』
『ほ、本当に具合…悪そうだね。逆に気を遣わせちゃったかな…？ごめんね。俺、その…帰るよ。』=『Y-You really don't... seem to be doing great. If anything, I'm pretty sure I'm not helping... sorry. I'll uh... I'll go home.』
『っふー…っ…ふー…う、うん…具合…ちょっと…っはぁ…はぁ、ほんと…良くないから…そう、して…。』=『Fuuh... fuuh... y-yeah... I'm... really... hah... haah, not... doing great... so...』
『お、お大事にね。補習中でも体調悪くなったら相談して。』=『T-Take care. If you start feeling unwell during class, just let me know.』
『わ、わかった…。はーっはーっ…ありがと…。』=『G-Got it... haahaaah... thanks...』
『じゃ、じゃあ…。』=『T-Then...』
『っ！！…はーっ♡…はー♡っあ♡…はぁー…まだ、おマンコ奥、ヒクッヒクッ…してるっ…♡♡』=『--!! ...Haah♡... Haah♡ Ah♡ ...Haah... My pussy, is still, twitching... inside...♡♡♡』
『…乙羽ちゃんのおマンコ…まだ精子を搾り取ろうと激しくパクパクしてるよ。』=『...Your pussy... it's still clenching down hard, trying to squeeze our every drop.』
『はーっ…はぁ…あ♡、だって…私、茂部君と顔をっ…合わせたまま…っ…知ってる男子の目の前でっ…』=『Haah... haah... ah♡ I can't help it... We did it right in front of... someone I know... with him looking straight at me--...』
『おじさんに…思いっきり突き上げられて、いっぱい感じて…はぁはぁ♡…意識、ほんとに飛びそうにっ…なって…はぁっ♡…はー♡…イっちゃった…♡』=『You kept pounding me... so hard, it felt so good... haahaa♡ ...It really felt, like I was--... going to faint.... haah♡ haah♡ ...And then I came...♡』
『乙羽ちゃんは、エッチになっちゃダメな時ほど感じるスケベな子だねぇ。おじさんが思った通りだ。』=『You're the sort of slutty girl that loves it the more dangerous it is, aren't you? Just like I thought.』
『だって…はぁ、はぁ♡♡…おじさんが…茂部君がいるのに…激しく突いてくるからぁ…。』=『I couldn't help it... haah, haah♡♡ ...You kept pounding me... even though... he was right there...』
『…はーはー♡…茂部君、すごく頑張って隠してた、けど…んっ♡…私が感じてる顔を見て…勃起、してた…。』=『... Haahaaah♡... he tried so hard, to hide it, but... Nn--♡ ...He was, erect... from looking at my face...』
『ほら、言った通り…交尾でサカったメス顔は隠せないし、立派にオスを誘ってるじゃないか。』=『See? I told you... not only can you not hide that slutty bitch face of yours, it's perfect for seducing men.』
『で、でも…っ…ん、私はおじさんにしか興味ないもん…。はぁ、ふぅ…♡…だけど…茂部君…あんなになって…私、帰ってから…オカズにされちゃうの、かな…。』=『B-But... nnn, the only one I'm into is you, uncle... haah, fuuh...♡ ...But.... Mob-kun... was so erect... is he gonna... use me as his fap material...』
『おじさんだったら、自分の好きな子がこんなにエロい顔をして目の前にいたら、即センズリこいちゃうよ。』=『If it was me, and I got the girl I liked to show such a slutty face to me, then I'd definitely go and wank off to it right away.』
『っ♡…ぉ…おじさんの…おチンポと精子で…おマンコがいっぱいなのに…茂部君からもおマンコ狙われて…中出し妄想…されちゃう、なんて…♡』=『--♡ ...E... Even though my pussy... is already so full with your sperm... he's also gonna be dreaming of... creampieing my... pussy too, no way♡』
『あの口ぶりなら童貞だろうから…乙羽ちゃんのキツくてトロトロの極上マンコなら一瞬で射精しちゃうだろうね。』=『And he's probably a virgin too, with how he was talking... so if he got to put it in your tight and melty pussy, he'd probably blow his load instantly.』
『私は…絶対おじさんだけのものだから…♡……でも、隠してた勃起チンポ…ちょっとだけ興奮しちゃったかも』=『I... belong to you and only you so...♡ ...But, the way he was hiding his erect... it kinda got me excited a bit.』
『おじさんのチンポより、大したこともない童貞チンポのほうがいいのかい？』=『Would you really prefer a virgin's pathetic cock over mine, though?』
『ううん、おじさんのがいいに決まってる♡…ん、もう…またおマンコにおチンポ欲しくなってきちゃった…♡』=『No, of course I prefer you, uncle♡.... Nn, jeez... now my pussy's hungering for more...♡』
『バレそうなセックスもいいけど…今度は我慢しないで思いっきりハメたいの…。』=『That sort of secret sex is nice too but... this time I want you to fuck me as hard as you can...』
『さっきたっぷり出してあげたけど、もうこんなにチンポは硬くなってるよ』=『I already came inside you just then but, look at how hard it's gotten again already.』
『…わぁ…ほんとだぁ♡だからおじさんのおチンポ…大好き…♡♡』=『... Wow... it really has♡ That's why I... love your cock...♡♡』
『あの子は若くてもこんな風にはならないだろうなぁ。せいぜい１回チョロっと出して萎んで終わりだろうねえ』=『Even though that kid's young, he probably can't do this. At best he'd be able to do it once and then collapse.』
『はぁっ♡はぁっ♡…私、１回だけじゃ…ちょっとなんかじゃ全然満足出来ないよぉ…。もっと、もっと…おチンポ欲しい…♡♡』=『Haah--♡ Haah--♡ ...Just once... just a bit isn't even remotely enough for me... more, I want lots more... of your cock...♡♡』
『へえ、チンポだけかい？』=『Hoh, just my cock?』
『ううん、精子…ザーメン…おチンポ汁…。子宮の奥も体にもいっぱいぶっかけて塗りたくってほしいの…』=『No, your sperm... your semen... your cockmilk... I want it deep inside me, and all over me too...』
『…そんなことをしたら体中イカ臭くなって、乙羽ちゃんは非処女の淫乱ビッチだって、さっきの男子にバレちゃうかもしれないよ？』=『...If I do that, you're gonna start smelling like semen, and everyone's gonna find out just how much of a slutty bitch you are, you know?』
『フフ…もしバレちゃったら…茂部君、怒りながらでもやっぱりシコシコしちゃうのかな…？ああ♡…すっごくスケベで興奮しちゃう…♡はあはあ…♡』=『Fufuh... even if I do... do you think Mob-kun would still keep rubbing himself off while grinding his teeth...? Aah♡.... I'm getting so aroused...♡ Haahaah...♡』
『ははは、今の乙羽ちゃんだと本当にあの男子とヤりかねないな』=『Hahahah, with how you are right now, you really might end up doing it with him.』
『ううん、そんなことない…！茂部君は、おじさんとのセックスの…刺激でしかないの♡』=『No, I would never...! Mob-kun's nothing but... some extra spice... for our sexy time♡』
『私にはおじさんだけ…♡それを今から証明するから…。今度は私の好きにさせて？♡♡』=『You're the only one for me...♡ I'll prove that right now... Let me take the lead this time?♡♡』
『茂部くんの前でシてくれたお返しに、おじさんをすっご～く気持ちよくしてあげる♡ほんと、いっぱいシちゃうんだから…。覚悟してね♡』=『In return for doing me right in front of him, I'll make you feel super~ amazing♡ I really will do a whole lot so... prepare yourself♡』
『いつになくサカってるね…。これからおじさんはどうなっちゃうのかな？』=『You're a lot hornier than usual, aren't you... just what's gonna become of your uncle today?』
『ふふ…、ギンギンに勃起しまくってるオチンポを…こうやってぇ……』=『Fufuh... I'm gonna take your rock hard cock... and...』
『はぁっ……あぁぁぁ………んんん……』=『Haah--... aaaah... nnn...』
『おおぉ…、おっ…、』=『Ooogh... ooh--...』
『はぁ、あっ…、あぁん…♡』=『Haah, ah--... ahn...♡』
『オマンコに挿入されて……いっぱい犯されちゃうんだよ？残ってるザーメン、全部搾り取ってあげる♡』=『I'm gonna take it in and... ravish it lots and lots, you know? And wring out every last drop of semen you've got left♡』
『はぁ…っ♡…はぁっ♡…はぁ♡…ぁ…はぁ……はー…はーっ♡…っぁ…はーっ♡♡……』=『Haah...♡ ...Haah♡ ...Haah♡ ...Ah... haah... haah... haah♡... ah... haah♡♡♡...』
『今日はこのぐらいにしておこうか。』=『Let's leave it here for today, alright?』
『はぁ♡はぁ♡…っ…えー…もっとしたいぃ…♡っ、ねえ…私まだ出来るよ、おじさんも出来るでしょ？』=『Haah♡ haah♡... ehh... but I wanna do moreee....♡--! Hey... I can keep going, you can too, no?』
『出来るけど、そろそろ保健の先生が戻ってくるだろうからなあ。』=『I can but, the nurse should be coming back any moment now.』
『んー……じゃあ……一緒に待つ♡』=『Nn... then... I wanna wait with you♡』
『こらこら。もうぐったりしてるじゃないか。今日はもう帰りなさい、ね？』=『Hey there now. Aren't you already tired out? Just go home for today, okay?』
『ん……んぅ。はーい…。』=『Nn.... nnn. Okay...』
『それからも少しだけ、おじさんに抱きついたり、擦り寄ったりしながらワガママ言っちゃった。おじさんは困った顔してたけど、すごく幸せな時間だった』=『After that, I clung to him and snuggled up to him, and just acted selfish for a bit. He made a troubled face but, it was pure bliss for me.』
『そうこうしてるうちに保健の先生が戻ってきたから保健室にいる理由を誤魔化して…逃げるように外に出た。』=『The nurse came back as I was doing that though, so I made up a reason as to why I was there... and more or less ran out.』
『今日はおじさんと一緒にいられて、エッチもたくさん出来て…すっごく嬉しい。』=『I got to be with him today, and got to have lots of sex too... I'm so happy.』
『保健室まで来た茂部君にはびっくりしたし、困ったけど…どうにか誤魔化せたし…。』=『It surprised me when Mob-kun chased me all the way to the nurse's office but... we managed to play that off too...』
『茂部君ってけっこう強引なんだな…。席替えなんてないだろうし、補習中はずっと隣の席だよね。……あっ！！』=『He's such a pushy guy... I probably can't change my seat, so I'm gonna be stuck with him the entire time the extra classes are on. ...Ah--!!』
『教科書もノートも…そもそも鞄を教室に置いたまま！…取りに行かなくちゃ！！』=『My books and notes... heck, even my bag! ...I gotta go back!!』
『はぁ…気付いてよかったぁ。早く帰って…』=『Haah... I'm glad I noticed. I should run back home a...』
『あれ……あそこにいるのは…おじさん？…と……………莉乃、ちゃん？』=『Huh.... is that... uncle? ...And... Rino, chan?』
『あれ…なんだかすごく真剣な様子で話してる。』=『Huh... and they're having a really serious chat about something too.』
『…勘違いだと思うけどなぁ…。莉乃ちゃんはすぐにそうやって思い込むから。』=『...I think you're just misundestanding things but... well, you've always been quick to do that.』
『そうじゃないってば。とにかく…明後日の夕方、教室で待ってるから。必ず来てよね。』=『I really am not. Anyways... I'll be waiting for you in class, on the evening of the day after tomorrow, so you gotta come, okay?』
『はぁ、わかったよ。』=『Haah, fine.』
『…おじさん、私を早く帰らせたのは、莉乃ちゃんと話をするためだったの？…勘違いって、何が…？』=『...Did he make me go home early, because he wanted to chat with her? ...A misunderstanding, about what...?』
『莉乃ちゃんも…明日、おじさんを教室に呼び出して一体何をするんだろう……？』=『And Rino-chan too... she called him to class too, but just what is she...?』
『ずっと引っかかってたけど…莉乃ちゃんとおじさんって本当に何かあるのかな…？』=『It's been bothering me for a while now but.... is there really something between uncle and her...?』
『私がこの町にいない間…私に言えないような何か…。』=『Something that happened while I wasn't here... something she can't tell me about...』
『莉乃ちゃんは、プールで遊んだ時も変だった。おじさんと私を遠ざけるようにしたり…』=『She acted weird back at the pool too. It was like she was trying to put distance between me and him...』
『おじさんはいつも相手をしてくれるけど、やらしいことをいっぱい迫ってる私に…本当は幻滅してたりするのかな？』=『He always keeps me company but, I always make him do lewd stuff... is he getting sick of me?』
『もしそうだったら…私なんかよりずっとしっかりしてて、素敵な莉乃ちゃんの方を選んじゃってもおかしくない……。』=『If so... it wouldn't be weird for him to pick Rino-chan instead, who's way more reliable and wonderful than me....』
『私が今まで誰にも言ってないからって、何もなかったわけじゃないのはわかっているでしょう？』=『You know that just because I've refused to babble until now doesn't mean that it didn't actually happen, right?』
『はいはい。』=『Yes yes.』
『っ…。今日はもういい！その何も認めない態度、本っ当にイヤ。明後日…絶対だからね。』=『--... Ah, whatever! I'm done for today. I really hate that attitude of yours. Anyways, the day after tomorrow... don't forget it.』
『なんか…痴話喧嘩してる仲にも見えて…。やっぱり、莉乃ちゃんとおじさんの間に絶対何かあるんだ…。』=『It kinda... looks like a lovers' quarrel... there's definitely something going on between them, I'm sure of it now...』
『…もうじっとしていられない。突き止め…なくちゃ…。』=『...I can't stay still about it anymore. I need to... figure it out...』
『補習前に、念のために予習をすると言って、早めに家を出てきた。』=『Saying that I was going to get some reviewing done before the lesson, I left home early.』
『…予習っていうのは…嘘で、いつも通りおじさんの部屋に向かい何度かエッチをして…着替えた後…』=『...That was of course... a lie, and as usual I went to uncle's room, had sex a few times... and after changing clothes...』
『ねえ、おじさん。夕方、また来てもいいかな？』=『Hey, uncle. Can I come again this evening?』
『…うーん。昨日の夕方もこうだっただろう？ここ最近、毎日帰りが遅いんじゃ、流石に麗子姉さんが心配するんじゃないかな？』=『...Nnn. We did it yesterday evening too, no? You've been going home late basically everyday lately, isn't your mom going to start worrying?』
『え、じゃあ…ダメってこと？』=『Eh, then... am I not allowed to?』
『おじさんのいう通り、ここ最近は補習前と補習後、毎日シてる…。それはおじさんも喜んでるから、今日もお互いシたいはず…なんだけど…』=『Just as he said, lately we've been doing it everyday, both before and after my extra classes... and he loves it too so, we should both want to... do it today too but...』
『ダメというか…今日はとりあえずやめておいて、また明日にでもおいでよ』=『I mean, not exactly but... anyways, forget about it for today, let's just do it tomorrow.』
『さっきまで夢中だったから忘れてたけど…思い出した。一昨日、帰ろうとして廊下で聞いた莉乃ちゃんとの会話』=『I'd forgotten since I was so lost in the afterglow but... I just remembered. The day before yesterday, I overheard their conversation.』
『やっぱり…今日は莉乃ちゃんと会うからダメなの…？』=『So he's... really going to go see her, huh? Is that why I'm not allowed to come today...?』
『えー…でも…』=『Eh... but...』
『ぎゅっとおじさんに抱き着く…』=『I hugged him tightly...』
『終わった後でもおじさんのおチンポ…勃起してたよ。私ともっとエッチしたいんだよね？』=『Even after that... your cock was still hard. You still want to do it with me, no?』
『私もまだナカが疼いてるの。おじさんのおチンポ…まだまだ欲しくて足りないって…。補習が終わった後に少しでいいからシたいな…』=『I'm still throbbing, on the inside. My body... it's screaming that it wants more... I wanna do it after class, even just a bit would be fine, uncle...』
『い、いやいや…そうしたいけど、おじさんは夕方から夜にかけて先生から仕事を頼まれててね』=『N-No, Otoha-chan... I'd love to but, one of the teachers actually asked me to deal with something for them, you see. It'll take all evening.』
『今日はどうしても無理なんだよ』=『So we just can't today evening, it's just a no go.』
『…先生からの仕事？莉乃ちゃんと会うんでしょう？おじさん、嘘をつくの…？』=『...A teacher? Aren't you going to meet Rino-chan? Are you really lying to me, uncle...?』
『先生からの頼まれ事なんかじゃない。…莉乃ちゃんと会うことを私は知ってるのに……。』=『I know it's nothing work related at all. ...I know that you're going to meet Rino-chan, and yet...』
『そ、っか…』=『I, see...』
『抱き着いていた腕をそっとゆるめて、離れる…。』=『I slowly loosened my arms, and let go...』
『ごめんね、乙羽ちゃん。おじさん忙しくってさ』=『Sorry, Otoha-chan. I'm just busy for today.』
『ううん。お仕事だもんね』=『No, it's work so I can understand.』
『………やっぱり私には秘密にして、莉乃ちゃんと会うんだ。』=『.....He really is going to go see her, behind my back.』
『あの時偶然聞いた、莉乃ちゃんとおじさんの立ち話。すっごく真剣な様子だった。』=『That conversation, that I just happened to overhear, sounded so serious.』
『…待ってるから、必ず…か。どういうことなんだろう。でも、どっちに尋ねたって教えてもらえそうにない…。』=『...She'll be waiting, and he's gotta... huh? I wonder what it's about. But, no matter which one I ask, I bet neither will answer me...』
『再会した日から、莉乃ちゃんとおじさんの関係がどこか昔と違うのは気付いてたけど…。今思えば……』=『It did feel like their relationship was slightly different than the way it was when I left but... thinking back to it...』
『２人が本当はどういう関係なのか…尋ねても分からないなら……。今日、夕方に教室にいけば……わかるかな……』=『If asking won't get me anywhere... if I just go to class in the evening... will I find out...』
『乙羽ちゃん…？』=『Otoha-chan...?』
『う、ううん。ボーっとしてた。あの、わがまま言ってごめんね。私、補習があるから、そろそろ行くね』=『N-Nothing. I was just spacing out. Uhm, sorry for acting spoilt. I've got class so, I'm gonna go.』
『……来ちゃった…』=『...I ended up coming...』
『まだ誰もいない…』=『There's still nobody here...』
『本当のことが知りたくて…来ちゃったけど…、よく考えたら盗み聞きになっちゃうし…。』=『I wanted to know the truth so bad... I ended up coming but... thinking about it, this is just eavesdropping, isn't it...』
『大体、こうやって来たはいいけど…そこからどうするかなんて全然考えてなかった。』=『I did come but... what now? I haven't really thought about what to do next.』
『……やっぱり帰ろうかな…』=『....Maybe I'll go home after all...』
『……！！』=『...!!』
『えっ、…あっ…本当に来ちゃった…？！か、隠れなきゃ…っ！…っ…どこにっ…どうしよう。机の下じゃ見えちゃう…。……そうだ！教卓なら…！』=『Eh--... ah--... they really came..!? I-I gotta hide...--! ...W-Where--... what do I do? Not a desk, they'll see me... Right! The teacher's desk...!』
『さて…と、まだ来てない。か…』=『Now... then. She's still not here, huh?...』
『よ、よかった…。ギリギリ…。見つかってない……』=『T-Thank god... I made it in time... just barely...』
『昔から時間にだらしないのに、こういう時だけは早いのね』=『Even though you're always so loose with time, you sure are quick when it comes to stuff like this.』
『お、莉乃ちゃんも丁度来たんだね。そんなしかめ面したら色っぽい顔が勿体ないよ？』=『Oh, almost at the same time, huh? Still, a frown like that's a waste of a face as sexy as yours, you know?』
『……………っ…』=『.......--!...』
『…今はそういう話しをしに来たんじゃないんだけど』=『...I didn't come here for that, you know.』
『まぁまぁ。そう目くじらをたてることないじゃないか』=『Now now. Is it really something to get that worked up over?』
『わ、おじさんっ！！…教壇に…こっちに来てる！！』=『Wah, uncle--!! ...He's coming... to the podium!!』
『め、目の前に…おじさんがいる。い…息を…殺さなきゃ。気付かれちゃう…』=『H-He's right there... in front of me. I... I need to... kill my breath. He'll notice...』
『私が聞きたいのは…乙羽との関係なんだけど』=『What I want to know is... what's your relationship with Otoha?』
『…やっぱり、莉乃ちゃん気になってたんだ…。』=『...So that really is what she's here about...』
『呼び出して…突然、それかい？』=『You called me out all the way over here... for something like that?』
『回りくどいことは嫌いなの。いいから答えてよ』=『I hate the way you try to twist things around. Just tell me.』
『はあ。そんなに怖い顔しなくても話すよ』=『Haah. You don't need to make such a scary face, you know? I'll tell you.』
『…答えて。乙羽に……手は出してないでしょうね？』=『...Just answer me. You haven't... laid a hand on her, have you?』
『手を出す…？』=『Laid a hand on her...?』
『そうよ』=『That's right.』
『そんな言い方じゃ何が言いたいのか…』=『Just what are you trying to imply with that?...』
『だからはぐらかさないで。…こんな話し、二人きりの時しかできないし、ちゃんと答えて欲しいの』=『I told you, don't try to twist it around. ....I can only ask this when nobody's around, so I want you to answer me.』
『はあ…』=『Haah...』
『……性的なこと、乙羽にしてないでしょうね？』=『...You haven't done anything sexual to her, have you?』
『…っ…性的って…エッチ…ってことだよね？そこまで問い詰めるなんて、やっぱり…莉乃ちゃんとおじさんって…』=『...--! ...Sexual... so lewd stuff... right? If she's asking about that, then... she and him really have...』
『性的なこと…ねぇ』=『Sexual... huh?』
『答えてよ。乙羽に……私にしたような事してないか、知りたいの』=『Answer me. I want to know... whether you've done anything to her like what you did to me.』
『えっ………。…莉乃、ちゃん……に…？』=『Eh--... to... Rino, chan...?』
『どうだろうねぇ。…それに莉乃ちゃんは、ある意味特別だしなぁ』=『Who's to say? ...Besides, you're special in a way, don't you know?』
『特別…？私は今、おじさんの特別じゃないの…？』=『Special...? I'm not special to him...?』
『何ニヤけてるのよ。こっちは真面目に聞いてるのよ？』=『What are you grinning for? I'm being serious here, you know.』
『いやあ、つい色々思い出してね。丁度、今の乙羽ちゃんぐらいの年だっけなあ…』=『Oh nothing, just remembering some things. You were about the same age she is now, weren't you...』
『どういうこと……？おじさん、私と莉乃ちゃんと３人で仲良く普通に遊んでた頃…？』=『What does he mean...? Back when we used to have fun together, all three of us...?』
『…まさか、乙羽に何かしたの？』=『...No way, did you do something to her?』
『さぁ？でも、確かに何かしたくなっちゃうほど乙羽ちゃんは可愛いなぁ。今の莉乃ちゃんと違って素直で、一途で』=『Who knows? But, she's definitely cute enough that it makes me want to do it, for sure. Unlike you, she's loyal and devoted to me.』
『莉乃ちゃんも昔は可愛かったんだけどなぁ。特に乙羽ちゃんが町に引っ越していなくなってからは、ねぇ…』=『You used to be just as cute, you know. Especially after she moved out of our little town...』
『私が…引っ越した後に…そういう関係になっていたの…？』=『After I... moved away... they started doing stuff like that...?』
『…今はそんな話はしないで。聞きたくない』=『...Don't bring that up right now. I don't want to hear it.』
『そうかい？今は不機嫌そうだけど、いつもあんなにおじさんを求めてきただろう？』=『That so? You're grumpy about it these days but, you used to crave me so much back then.』
『…嫌！私だってそんなの聞きたくない…！』=『...Stop it! I don't want to hear that either...!』
『おじさんは…おじさんは私だけのものなの…。莉乃ちゃんとの間に何があったとしても…！』=『Uncle, you're... you're mine and mine alone... no matter what happens between you and her...!』
『…最初は嫌がってたけれど…結局、最後は自分から腰を振るようになっておじさんにいっぱい跨ったねえ』=『....You used to hate it at first but... in the end, you started shaking your hips on your own and started pushing me down too.』
『莉乃ちゃんとおじさん、どれだけエッチしてたとしても…今は私がおじさんを一番気持ちよくしてあげられる…。』=『No matter how much sex they've had in the past... right now, only I know how to satisfy him the best...』
『もういいでしょ、その話は！そんな話をしにきたわけじゃないの…』=『Just quit it with that! That's not what I came here for...』
『おや、莉乃ちゃん嫉妬してるのかい？何なら今から…』=『Oh, are you getting jealous by any chance? I mean, if you want, I'm free right now...』
『…っ！！』=『...--!!』
『な、何言ってるのよ…！冗談もいい加減にして！』=『W-What are you even saying...! Cut it out with that crap!』
『私ならそんな風に拒否したりしない。おじさんがしてほしい事なら何でもしてあげる。』=『I would never reject you like that, uncle. I'd do anything you want me to, uncle.』
『私が一番おじさんを満足させてあげられるんだから…。………今だって、気持ちよくしてあげる…。』=『I'm the only one who knows how to satisfy you the best... heck, I can do it even now...』
『はぁ、ふぅ……おじさんの、おチンポ……♡』=『Haah, fuuh... your, cock...♡』
『…はふっ…んちゅ………』=『...Hafuh... *suck*...』
『じゅるっ…ちゅ、ぽ…ぐちゅ、ぽ、じゅぼっ…ちゅる、っちゅ…』=『*shlurp*... *suck*, *poh*... *ghlup*, *shlop*... *shlurp*, *suck*...』
『……おっ…？！…おと…っ…』=『...Ogh...!? ...Oto...』
『なっ、何？急に…』=『W-What? What's...』
『ひゅふ……ひじゅかに…』=『*Huff*.... Kwhaiet...』
『ぁあ…ガマン汁…とろっとろに溢れてきてる…。んっ…♡唾液と混じりあって……はぁ♡……美味しい…』=『Aah... his pre-cum... is gushing out so hard... nnn--...♡ My drool's mixing with it... haah♡ ...So tasty...♡』
『っん、ちゅっ、じゅるっ、じゅっ…んぢゅ、っぢゅ…れろっ、ふぁ、ふ…んぶっ、ぢゅっ、じゅる…』=『Nn, *suck*, *shlurp*, *suck*... *shluzz*, *shluzz*... *lick*, fuah, fuh... nnbuh--, *shluzz*, *shlurp*...』
『な、なんでもないよ…』=『I-It's nothing...』
『ほら、おじさんは…もう…私だけのものなんだから…』=『Look, you're... mine... and mine alone now...』
『な、何よ…急にビクついたりして…』=『W-What the heck... why are you twitching all of a sudden for...』
『莉乃ちゃんと…どんな関係だったとしても…』=『No matter what sort of... relationship you might have had with her...』
『じゅぼっ…んぅ"っ…ぉっ…んぼっ…れろっ…じゅるっれろ、んじゅっうっ…じゅぼっ…』=『*Shlob*... nngh--... ogh-... nnboh--... *lick*... *shlurplick*... *shluzz*... *shlob*...』
『私だけが気持ちよくしてあげたいの……。私がおじさんの一番でいたいの…！』=『I'm the one who wants to make you feel good... I'm the one who wants to be with you the most...!』
『私は真剣に話してるのに。本当にどうかしてる』=『I'm being serious here, you know? There's seriously something wrong with you.』
『もし、乙羽ちゃんに莉乃ちゃんが心配するようなことをしていたとして…』=『Assuming that I was doing the sort of things to her that you'd be worried about...』
『莉乃ちゃんの心配なんて要らない。本当はいけない関係でも…おじさんのおチンポをこうやって咥えられて…私は…とっても幸せなの♡』=『Who needs her worry? Even if it's a "bad" relationship... just being able to suck on his cock like this... is bliss enough... for me♡』
『れろっ、えろっ…じゅぼぼ…っちゅ、ん、ぉ…ぢゅりゅっ、じゅぼっ…ぢゅぼっ…』=『*Lick*, *lickk*... *shlobbb*... *suck*, nn, ogh.. *shlurp*, *shlob*... *shlob*...』
『大好き…私だけのおじさん…私だけのおチンポ…美味しいよぉ…。こうしてるだけで気持ちいい…♡』=『I love you... uncle, mine and only mine... you, and your cock... it's so tasty... just doing this feels so good...♡』
『…で、莉乃ちゃんはどうするんだい？』=『...What would you do about it?』
『私に生ハメしてくれる、やらしいおチンポ…♡口いっぱいにひろがるこの味…好き、大好き……♡』=『It's the lewd, obscene cock, that fucks me raw everyday...♡ This flavour, spreading through my mouth... I love it, so much...♡』
『っんぶ、れろ、れろっ…はぶっ…んぶちゅっ…じゅ…じゅぶっ、ん…ぐっ…じゅぼ、じゅぼ…』=『Nnbuh, *lick*, *lick*... hahbuh--... *bhslup*... *shluh*... *shlub*--, nn... guh--... *shlob*, *shlob*...』
『乙羽をあんな目に…私みたいに…まるで…性奴隷にするような目に遭わせていたら…』=『If you so much as even look at her... like that... like a sex slave... like you used to look at me...』
『いいの…♡性奴隷でもいいの♡私もすごく気持ちいいし…大好きなおじさんのためなら…ずっと隣にいられるなら…』=『I don't care...♡ I'm fine being a sex slave♡ It feels fantastic anyway... and if I can stay by his side that way... that's more than enough for me...』
『今の莉乃ちゃんに出来ることなんて何もないだろう？』=『Is there anything you can really do though?』
『ぢゅ、じゅるっ…じゅぼっ、ぢゅるっ、じゅう、っぼ…じゅぼっ、ぶちゅっ…んぷっ…ぶぷ…』=『*Suck*, *shlurp*... *shlob*, *shlurp*, *shluh*, *boh*... *shlob*, *bshlup*... nnpuh--...』
『好き♡私だけのもの…♡ねえ、ハメまくって…おじさんの好きなようにシて…』=『I love you♡ Mine and mine alone...♡ Hey, fuck me crazy... have your way with me...』
『………言うから』=『...I'll tell.』
『もう何も考えらんない…♡おじさん、大好き…♡おじさんのおチンポ大好き…好き♡…大好き♡♡』=『I can't think at all anymore...♡ Uncle, I love you...♡ I love your cock too... Love you♡ ....I love you♡♡』
『だから…射精[だ/2]して…！』=『So... cum...!』
『ちゅ、じゅっ…んぷ、ぶぷ…じゅぷっ…ちゅぶっ、ちゅじゅぼ、っふ……ん、う…』=『*suck*, *shluh*... nnpuh, puhpuh... *shlup*... *shlub*, *shlobob*, fuh... nn, uu...』
『ザーメン出して♡恵んで♡私のために…チンポ汁…いーっぱい出して♡莉乃ちゃんの前で…このまま…！』=『Shoot out your semen♡ Give it to me♡ Pour out lots of... dick milk... just for me♡ Right in front of her... just like ths...!』
『私、小鳥遊のおばさんに言いつけるから。アンタが乙羽にそういうことしてるって』=『I'll tell her mother. About exactly what sorts of things you do to her.』
『じゅぼっ、ちゅぼっ…じゅるっ、じゅるる…じゅぱっ…んぷ…ちゅぶっ…じゅっ…れろっ…』=『*Shlob*, *shlob*... *shlurp*, *shlurrp*... *shlap*... nnpuh... *shlub*... *shluh*... *lick*...』
『すっごく熱くて、おっきくて…太くて…♡…あ♡今、ビクって、動いて…汁の味が濃くなって…♡♡』=『It's so hot, and big... so fat...♡ ...Ah♡ It just twitched... the syrup's getting richer too...♡♡』
『じゅぼっ、じゅぼっ…じゅる、ちゅるる…ん…ぶぷ…ふぇ、ぶ…ぶぷ、ぢゅ、ぢゅるる…っじゅぼっ…』=『*Shlob*, *shlob*... *shlurp*, *schlurrp*... nnn... bpuh... fueh, buh... bpuh, *shluzz*, *shlurrp*... *shlob*...』
『嬉しい♡……私のためにザーメン出してくれるんだ…。すごく嬉しい♡♡私だけのためにいっぱい出してぇ…♡』=『I'm so happy♡.... You really will gush out semen just for me... I'm so happy♡♡♡ Cum lots and lots just for me...♡』
『んぶぅぅっ…！……ぶっぷっ…！ぽじゅっ……、んんっ、んぐっ、んっ…んん…、んぐっ…、じゅぷぅ……』=『Nnbuuh--...! ...Bpuh--...! *Bhlorp*.... nnn--, nnguh--, nn--... nn... nnguh--... *shlup*....』
『おっ…、……おぉっ…、、』=『Ogh--.... oooh--...』
『なっ、何よ、またビクっとして。私が何も出来ないと思ったの？それとも今更怖くなった？』=『T-The heck?  You're quivering again. Did you think I'd be powerless? Are you shaking in your boots suddenly?』
『い……、いや…別に』=『N... No... not really.』
『すっごぉ…ぃ♡濃ぉいのいっぱい…口いっぱいに…♡ああ…好き…大好き♡おじさんのザーメン大好き…♡♡』=『Wow...♡ So much thick stuff... my mouth's full...♡ Aah...I love this... I love this so much♡ I love uncle's semen...♡♡♡』
『っ…んっ…ぢゅ……』=『...Nn... *suck*...』
『最後まで…最後の一滴まで飲ませて…お掃除させて…私の中に全部吐き出して……♡♡』=『All of it... let me gulp down every last drop... let me clean it up... pump it all into me...♡♡♡』
『このチンポ汁、全部私のもの……♡♡』=『This cockjuice, it's all mine...♡♡』
『な、何よ。さっきから変な顔して…体震わせて…。き、気味悪いじゃない……！』=『T-The heck? Your face really has been twisting for a while now... and you're quivering too... s-stop being creepy...!』
『おじさんの精子、こんなに沢山♡残りも…全部飲んじゃうんだから』=『So much of his sperm♡ I'm gonna... drink all the stuff still inside too♡』
『ずじゅぅぅぅ～～～……ずじゅっ……、んんっ、んぐっ、じゅぷぅ～～、…んっ…』=『*Shluzzzzzzzz*~~~... *shluzz*--... nn--, nnguh--, *shlup*~~... nnn--...』
『こんなに射精させられるの…私だけなんだから…♡♡』=『I'm the only one... who can make you cum this much...♡♡』
『ごくん…っふー…っふー……っ…ふー…っふー…』=『*Gulp*... fuuh... fuuh... fuuh... fuuh...』
『好き…。おじさん大好き……♡美味しい♡いつもより濃厚な味がするの♡喉にこびりついちゃってる…♡』=『I love this... I love uncle so much...♡ So tasty♡ It tastes even richer than usual♡ It's sticking to my throat...♡』
『そりゃあ、悪かったねえ。でもなんでそこまで息巻いてるんだい？』=『Well, my bad for being so creepy. But why are you so worked up yourself?』
『もしかして…乙羽ちゃんを心配するフリして本当は嫉妬してるのかい？』=『By any chance... are you just pretending to be worried, and actually are jealous of her?』
『っ…はぁっ？！』=『--... Haah--?!』
『おじさんとヨリを戻したいから、おじさんにベッタリな乙羽ちゃんとの関係が気になると…』=『Maybe you want to get back together with this old man, and that's why Otoha-chan, who's so close to me, is on your mind...』
『そんなわけないじゃない！自惚れるのもいい加減にしてよ！』=『As if! Is there no limit to your conceit!?』
『…？ヨリを、戻す…わけない？…あれ？今…関係がある…わけじゃないんだ……？』=『...? Get back... together? "As if"...? So... they don't... have a relationship together anymore...?』
『っ…アンタなんかに知られたくないけど、私にはもう…大好きな、大事な彼氏がいるの！だからこんな話ももう終わり！！』=『--.... Though I am loath to tell you this, I already have someone that I... love, and treasure! So no more of that!!』
『え……？莉乃ちゃん……じゃあ、おじさんが…好きな人じゃないの……？』=『Eh...? Rino-chan.... then, uncle's not the... person you love...?』
『それに…乙羽は私のすっごく大事な友達なんだから…』=『And Otoha is... my precious friend, so...』
『え…え…？？じゃあ…莉乃ちゃんがおじさんとの間を邪魔してるとか……全部、私の…勘違い…？？』=『Eh... eh...?? Then... the whole thing about her getting in our way... was a... misunderstanding on my part...??』
『おいおい、だからってそんなに睨むなよ』=『Oi oi, does that mean you get to glare at me like that?』
『はぁ。おじさんが乙羽ちゃんに手を出したなんて一言も言ってないだろう？勝手に決めつけるもんじゃないよ』=『Haah. Did I ever say that I did infact lay my hands on her? Don't go believing whatever you want to believe.』
『…でも、乙羽に何かあったら本当に、小鳥遊のおばさんに全部言うからね。私が言いたかったのはそれだけ』=『...But, if something happens to her, I really will go to her mother, you understand? That's all I wanted to say.』
『そんなこと…。莉乃ちゃんに何もないから大丈夫だって言わなきゃ…。でも、今は絶対出ていけない…』=『That's... I gotta tell her that there's nothing, and that I'm fine... but, now would be the worst time to do that...』
『流石に姪っ子にそんなことはしないよ。…多分ね』=『Even I wouldn't do something like that to my own niece. ...Probably.』
『っ！！ほんっと嫌な人！！…じゃあ、もう行くから。私は本気だから、覚えておいてね』=『--!! You really are scum!! ...Anyways, I'm going. I'm serious, I hope you remember that.』
『…莉乃ちゃんが昔…おじさんとそういうコトがあって…それはそれでショックだけど…』=『....The fact that Rino-chan... used to do that sort of stuff with uncle... was a shocker in its own right but...』
『莉乃ちゃん……ゴメンね。大事に思ってくれてるのに勝手に思い込んで…勘違いして…。』=『Rino-chan... I'm sorry. Even though you care so much about me, I ended up... thinking stuff like that about you...』
『…ふぅ…行ったか』=『...Fuuh... she's gone.』
『……いい加減、出ておいで』=『...Come out already, will you?』
緊張と興奮で体が変な感じ。うまく動かない…。=Both the tension and arousal together are making me feel weird. It's hard to move as I want to...
『っしょ…っと……』=『Here... we go...』
『…おじさん、莉乃ちゃんと話してるのに……いっぱい出してもらっちゃった………』=『...Uncle, you came so much... even though you were chatting with her...』
『全く。こんなところに隠れてなんてことをするんだ。びっくりしたよ。駄目だろう？』=『Good lord. What were you even doing hiding in there? It nearly gave me a heart attack. You know you shouldn't have done that, right?』
『おじさんもひどいことしてるじゃない。莉乃ゃんと……私が越した時、エッチなことしてたんでしょ！』=『You did some horrible stuff too though. You did... lewd stuff with Rino-chan, while I was gone, didn't you!』
『私だけ、知らなくて……いっぱい悩んだんだよ？』=『Leaving only me, in the dark... do you know how worried I got?』
『それは…悪かったよ。でも、さっき言ってたことは嘘じゃないよ？』=『That's... my bad. But I wasn't lying earlier, you know?』
『言ってたことって？』=『About what?』
『乙羽ちゃんの方が莉乃ちゃんより可愛いってことだよ。それにものすごくエッチだし、とても魅力的だよ』=『That you're cuter than her. And super lewd too, and very charming.』
『本当？』=『You mean it?』
『勿論。それに莉乃ちゃんとはもう関係を持っていないからね。今は乙羽ちゃんだけだよ』=『Of course. Besides, I don't have a relationship with her anymore. Right now it's just you, Otoha-chan.』
『でも、おじさん、さっき莉乃ちゃんともしようとしてたし…』=『But you tried to do it with her just then...』
『あれはただの冗談だよ。莉乃ちゃんをからかっただけさ。それに乙羽ちゃんとは話してるだけで……そうだね、実際に見せてあげよう』=『That was just a joke. I was just messing with her. Not to mention, just talking to you has... actually, it'll be faster to show you.』
『…ほぉら。またチンポが大きくなってきてるんだ。これは乙羽ちゃんが魅力的だからだよ？』=『...Look. My cock's all big and hard again. This is because of your charm, you know?』
『…え…あっ…。…ほ、本当だ……♡』=『...Eh... ah--... ...I-It really is...♡』
『ほら、これをまた舐めたり挿入[い/2]れたりして…たっぷり味わってみたくないかい？』=『C'mon, don't you want to just... suck on it and take it in, and savour it again?』
『ん、はぁ…♡…はぁ、はぁ…。…っ…はぁ、はぁ……で、でも！私はまだ莉乃ちゃんのことで怒ってるし』=『Nn, haah...♡ ...Haah, haah... haah, haah... b-but! I'm still mad that you lied to me.』
『そうかぁ…怒ってるかぁ。でもおじさんは今、乙羽ちゃんを味わっていっぱい可愛がってあげたいんだけどなぁ』=『That so?.... You really are, huh? But right now, I want to savour you myself and shower you in my love, Otoha-chan.』
『乙羽ちゃんはどうしても嫌かい…？』=『You sure you don't want it...?』
『はぁ、ふぅ…はぁ、はぁ…。う、…うう…。し、したい…けど…』=『Haah, fuuh... haah, haah... u... uuu.... I-I do... but...』
『うん。ほら、こんなに大きくなって…乙羽ちゃんのおマンコに入りたいって…今とっても苦しいよ』=『I understand. Look, it's so big... it wants to be inside you so bad... look at how much it's suffering.』
『し…したいっ、し……する、けど…。…で、でも…』=『I... I want--, to... I will, but... b-but...』
『うん。…でも、なんだい？』=『Yeah. ....But, what?』
『わ、私がしたいようにおじさんにエッチするんだから！』=『I-I'll do it the way I want to!』
『乙羽ちゃんまでそんな迫力で…わ、わかったよ。好きにしてごらん？』=『Even you've got so much fire in you now... a-alright then. Have your way with me?』
『あ！嘘だと思ってるでしょ。本当なんだから…。えいっ…』=『Ah! I bet you think I'm joking. I'm serious, you know... Ei--...』
『ふふ…おじさん、おっきくなってるおチンポ、よぉくわかるよ…♡』=『Fufuh... uncle, I can feel it getting bigger in my hands...♡』
『きゅ、急に驚くじゃないか…』=『D-Don't do that so suddenly, it caught me off guard...』
『好きにしていいっていったもん。だからこれから私が好きにおじさんとセックスするの…♡』=『You're the one who said I could have my way. So I'm gonna have sex with you the way I want to...♡』
『そんな顔をして…』=『Making such a face...』
『はぁ♡はぁ♡…おじさん、また私のヌルヌルおマンコにハメたくなってるんでしょ？…はぁ、はぁ♡♡』=『Haah♡ Haah♡ ...Uncle, you want to stuff it into my slimey wet pussy again, don't you? ...Haah, haah♡♡』
『私もフェラしてたらおじさんのこのおっきいおチンポ、濡れたおマンコに咥えたくて仕方ないの…♡』=『Sucking you off made me want to desperately take you up into my wet pussy too...♡』
『じゃあ、乙羽ちゃん、このまま…』=『Then, Otoha-chan, we should...』
『まだだぁめ…♡』=『Not yet~...♡』
『はー…♡ふー…んっ♡きゃ、ふふ…ちょっといじっただけでブルンって…おチンポの反り返り、すっごい…♡』=『Haah...♡ Fuuh... Nn--♡ Kyah, fufuh... I only touched it a bit, but it's twitching like this... it's bending back so much, wow...♡』
『カリがパンパンに張って…これで私の膣内[なか/2]、ヒダヒダ全部じゅぶじゅぶ掻き回されちゃうんだよね…？』=『The tip's puffing up so much... this is what you churn up all my folds with everytime, isn't it...?』
『もしかして…まだ莉乃ちゃんに嫉妬してるのかい？』=『Don't tell me... are you still mad about the Rino-chan thing?』
『っ…っもういいの！莉乃ちゃんの名前を出さないで。おじさんは私だけのものなんだから』=『...Shush! Don't mention her name anymore. You're mine and mine alone.』
『私と生でズボズボしまくってるおチンポ…さっき出したばかりなのに…もうこんなになってくれるなんて…嬉しい♡』=『The cock that always grinds me out raw... even though it just blew its load... it's already so hard again... I'm so happy♡』
『乙羽ちゃんに早く挿入[いれ/2]れたいよ…』=『It wants to be inside you already...』
『んーん。私の好きにしていいんでしょ？…だったら私のハメたいタイミングで、おじさんのおチンポを咥えちゃうね…♡はぁ…はぁ…♡♡』=『Nn~. Didn't you say I can have my way with you? ...So I'm gonna take it in, when I feel like taking it in...♡ Haah... haah...♡♡♡』
『逆転されてるなあ…』=『When did the roles reverse...』
『もうちょっと、見させて…私の膣内[なか/2]に…どんなモノが挿入[はい/2]っちゃうのか…見てたいの…』=『Let me look at it a bit more... I want to get a better look at... the thing that's gonna dig me out very soon...』
『はー♡ふぅ…はぁ、はぁ♡筋が浮いてて、そそり立って…ん♡また口いっぱいにしゃぶりたくなってきちゃう…』=『Haah♡ Fuuh... haah, haah♡ It's bulging full of veins, and standing erect... nn♡ I feel like sucking on it again...』
『舌の上に、この、ぷっくりして垂れてるガマン汁の味がひろがって…。ん、はぁ…♡♡臭くて美味しかった♡』=『The flavour of your pre-cum, gushing out of the puffed up tip, spreading all over my tongue... nnn, haah...♡♡ It was so stinky and tasty♡』
『も、もう我慢できないよ…口じゃなくて…乙羽ちゃんのおマンコで咥えて欲しい…』=『I-I can't take it anymore... Otoha-chan, not your mouth... take it in with your pussy...』
『ふふ♡私ももう我慢できないかな…。いいよ、おじさん…おマンコでいっぱいズボズボ、ハメまくろ…♡』=『Fufuh♡ I think I'm at my limit too... okay, uncle... let's have lots of hot rough sex in my pussy...♡』
『ようやくだ…。乙羽ちゃんのせいでこんなになったんだから、責任取ってズボハメしてくれるかい？』=『Finally... I've become like this all because of you, will you take responsibility and fuck me silly?』
『ふふ♡いいよぉ…。すぐハメてあげるから…焦らないで…♡は…、あ…あぁ…♡』=『Fufuh♡ Sure~... I'll do it very soon so... don't be impatient now...♡ Haah.... ah... aah....♡』
『んっ…、あはぁぁぁーーーっっっ！！』=『Nn--... ahaaaaah---!!』
『あっ…、はぁっ…、チっ…、チンポ…、きたぁぁ…』=『Ah--... haah--... y--... your cock's.... innnn....』
『挿入しただけでイッて…。あぁ…、中がキュウキュウうごめいているよ…』=『You came just from that?... aah.... your pussy's wriggling around me...』
『はあっ…、はぁっ…、おじさん、これからいっぱい犯してあげるから…覚悟してね…？』=『Haah--... haah--... uncle, I'm gonna ravish you lots now so... prepare yourself, okay...?』
『はぁ…♡はぁ♡…っはぁ♡…はー、はー♡…っぁ…はぁ…♡っ…はぁ…、はぁ…♡』=『Haah...♡ Haah♡ ...Haah♡ ...Haah, haah♡... Ah... haah...♡ Haah.... haah....♡』
『あんな恰好で乱れて、絶頂するなんて…乙羽ちゃんはなんていやらしい女の子なんだ…すごくスケベだよ』=『Going crazy like that, and even climaxing... What a slut you've become... really, so lewd.』
『だ、だって…はぁ♡はぁ♡おじさんのおチンポ…はぁ…♡すっごくビクビクして、ビュルビュル射精してたよ…♡』=『I-I couldn't help it... haah♡ Haah♡ Your cock was... haah...♡ Twitching so much, and gushing out its load...♡』
『色んなエッチを乙羽ちゃんとしてきたけれど…こんなに激しくて攻めてくるなんて…』=『We've had all kinds of sex together before but... I never thought you'd come at me this hard...』
『おじさん、いい意味でびっくりしたよ』=『What a pleasant surprise that was.』
『はぁはぁ…んあ…♡おじさんのチンポ、すごいの…。まだ膣内[なか/2]にあって刺激されてるみたいに…気持ちいい』=『Haahaah... nnah...♡ Your cock's amazing, uncle... it feels like it's still inside me, pleasuring me.... it feels so good.』
『すっかりおじさん好みの痴女になっちゃって…。まだまだシたそうな目をしているね』=『You've completely turned into exactly the sort of slut I love... and looking at those eyes, you haven't had enough, huh?』
『はー♡ふー♡わ、わかるの…？…私、もっともっとシたいの、おじさんともっと深く繋がりたいの…』=『Haah♡ Fuuh♡ I-Is it that obvious...? ...I want more, lots more, I want to connect with you even deeper...』
『ははは、おじさんもまだできるけど…今の乙羽ちゃんの迫力にちょっと押されているよ。どうしたんだい？』=『Hahahah, I can keep going too but... honestly, your vigour's pushing me down a little. What's gotten into you?』
『…ふぅ♡はぁ♡はぁ…教卓の下で…莉乃ちゃんとの昔のこと…聞いて…はぁはぁ♡…初めて知って…』=『...Fuuh♡ Haah♡ Haah... under the desk... when I heard about... Rino-chan's past... haahaah♡ ...it was the first time I got to know about it...』
『そしたら、もっと…もっとおじさんとセックスして…独占したくなっちゃったの…♡…はぁはぁ…♡』=『And when I did, I couldn't.... help but want more and more sex with you... and want you all to myself...♡ ...Haahaah...♡』
『こんなに息が荒いのに…本当にまだできるのかい？』=『Even though you're panting so hard... You sure you can keep going?』
『うん…疲れてるわけじゃないの。はぁ、はぁ…まだすっごく興奮してて…このままじゃ収まらないから…』=『Yeah... I'm not tired or anything. Haah, haah... I'm still so aroused... my body won't calm down from just this...』
『あんなに激しく乱れたのに、乙羽ちゃんの性欲は底なしだなぁ』=『Even though you went so wild too. Your lust really is bottomless, huh?』
『ふふ、そういうのがエッチな子が好きなんでしょ？はぁ、ふぅ…♡』=『Fufuh, don't you love lewd girls like that? Haah, fuuh...♡』
『もちろん。それじゃあ、そんな淫乱な乙羽ちゃんを、今度はおじさんがいっぱい犯すからね？』=『Of course. Well then, this time I'm gonna be the one having my way with you, alright?』
『うん。シて、シてぇ…♡』=『Yeah, come. Come~...♡』
『ねぇ、おじさん…』=『Hey, uncle...』
『うん？』=『Yeah?』
『…おじさんが莉乃ちゃんにしてないこと……して欲しい…』=『...I want you to do something that... you haven't done to Rino-chan yet...』
『してないこと？』=『Something I haven't done to her?』
『…私には”孕むまで”いっぱいオマンコに出して…♡』=『...Cum lots in my pussy, until I get "knocked up"...♡』
『ええっ！？』=『Eeh--?!』
『私、妊娠したい…♡はぁ…はぁ…♡おじさんの赤ちゃんを孕みたい。…ね、おじさん…私を……孕ませて…♡』=『I want to, get pregnant...♡ Haah... haah...♡ I want to have your baby. ...Hey, uncle... knock me... up...♡』
『で、でも乙羽ちゃん…』=『B-But Otoha-chan...』
『実は今日ね…言ってなかったけど…ダメな日なの…』=『Today's actually... and I didn't say it but... it's a bad day...』
『ダメな日…？』=『A bad day...?』
『そう、ダメな日。…排卵日。赤ちゃんが出来ちゃう日なんだよ…。だから、おじさんがもっと子宮に注いでくれたら…私、きっと孕んじゃう♡』=『Yeah, a bad day. ...An unsafe day. We can have a baby today... So, if you pump more into my womb... I'll definitely get knocked up♡』
『乙羽ちゃんはそうしたいのかい？』=『Is that what you want, Otoha-chan?』
『うん。…私、おじさんの特別になりたいから……。本気の孕ませ子作りセックス…して…♡』=『Yeah. ...I want to be special to you, so... let's have serious babymaking sex...♡』
『いっぱい、いっぱい……一番奥で濃ぉい孕ませ汁…子宮がパンパンになるまで出して…♡』=『Pump lots and lots... of your knock-up juice, right in my womb... until it can't hold any more...♡』
『…本当にいいのかい？』=『...Are you really sure?』
『うん♡…卵子がおじさんの種汁で受精したがってるの。赤ちゃん欲しがっちゃってる…♡♡』=『Yeah♡ ...My eggs are begging to be fertilized by your sperm. They want babies...♡♡』
『そうか…じゃあ、おじさん本気で孕ませちゃうよ？』=『Is that so... I really will knock you up then, you know?』
『うん♡子種汁、私の中にドクドク出して…逃げないように卵子レイプしちゃって…♡』=『Yeah♡ Pump your seed into me... rape my eggs so that they can't run away...♡』
『孕むまでやめないから覚悟してね』=『I'm not gonna stop until you get knocked up, so prepare yourself.』
『私も、赤ちゃんが出来ちゃうまでおじさんを離さないからいっぱい、きて…♡注ぎ込んで、犯して欲しいの♡♡』=『I'm not gonna let you go until I get knocked up either, so cum lots...♡ Pour lots into me, and ravish me♡♡♡』
『よし、乙羽ちゃんの孕みたがりマンコをチンポでミチミチにしてあげよう』=『Alright, I'll fill up your hungry pussy completely with my cock.』
『はぁはぁ…シて…シて♡おじさんの赤ちゃん絶対孕むから。一番奥まで…』=『Haahaah... do it... do it♡ I'll definitely get knocked up. Do it deep inside...』
『やらしい言葉でちゃんとおねだりが出来て偉いよ。おじさんの孕ませ汁を全部子宮で飲むんだよ？』=『What a good girl you are, always knowing how to beg properly. Gulp down all my knock-up juice with your womb, okay?』
『う、うん…欲しいの♡いっぱい飲んじゃう…♡♡飲ませて…』=『Y-Yeah... I want it♡ I'll gulp down lots and lots of it...♡♡ Let me do it...』
『はあっ♡♡♡っぁ…っはぅ♡…種付けチンポ、はっ♡はっ♡♡』=『Haah--♡♡♡ Ah... hauu♡ ...Your serious cock, hah♡ Hah--♡♡』
『…ん、排卵日マンコにぃ…来たぁあっ…♡♡』=『....Nn, is going up my... ovulating pussyyyy...♡♡♡』
『膣内がウネウネしながら痙攣しているよ？挿入だけでもうイっちゃってるのかな？』=『Your folds are writhing and twitching, you know? Are you already cumming, just from me putting it in?』
『はぁ♡はぁ♡き、気持ちよくて軽くイっちゃった…♡♡♡おじさん、もっと奥まで…シて…♡♡』=『Haah♡ Haah♡ I-It felt so good, I couldn't help it...♡♡♡ Uncle, go deeper... please...♡♡♡』
『はーっ♡はーっ♡っぁ"♡はぁ…はぁ♡…ふうー…はぁ♡…はぁ♡…はへっ…♡…っあ…』=『Haah--♡ Haah--♡ Agh--♡ Haah... haah♡ ...Fuuh... haah♡ ...Haah♡ ...Haheh--...♡ ...Ah...』
乙羽ちゃんとお互いを貪る尽くすようなセックス…いや、まるで動物のような交尾を繰り返した。=Otoha-chan and I went at it repeatedly, devouring each other... like animals.
『はー♡ひー♡ふぅ…ふぅ♡もっろ…おヒンポ…♡おじしゃんともっろ子作りしゅるのぉ…♡…はぁはぁ』=『Haah♡ Hiih♡ Fuuh... fuuh♡ More... cohk...♡ I wanna keeh mahin babieezz...♡ ...Haahaa』
隣にいる乙羽ちゃんは完全に淫蕩そのものの顔でまだ俺を求め続けている。=With a face full of nothing but lust, she still wanted more as she lay there.
『もうデキちゃってるかもしれないけど、まだやるかい？おじさんはまだまだいけるよ？』=『You might already be knocked up, but do you still wanna keep going? I can keep going, for what it's worth.』
『ふふ…♡まだしゅる…やるのぉ♡…はぁ、はぁ…こんな…再会して１ヶ月ぐらいれ…こんな関係になれるなんて…』=『Fufuh...♡ Yesh... more♡ ...Haah, haah... it'sh onhly been a mohnth shince we met again... to think it'd turn out like this...』
『ずっと…はぁはぁ…夢、みたい…。はぁ…♡はぁ…ふぅ…♡っぁ"…♡』=『It feels... haahaah... like a, long dream... haah...♡ Haah... fuuh...♡ Agh...♡』
清純で何も知らない乙羽ちゃんをここまで堕としてやった。そんな満足感がぐっと込み上げる。=I managed to bring a girl as innocent and ignorant as her down like this. The satisfaction of it was flowing through me.
『はー♡はー♡…ふぅ、はぁ…はぁ、はぁ…ふー…っぁ…ぅ…はぁ…ん…はぁ…♡』=『Haah♡ Haah♡ ...Fuuh, haah... haah, haah... fuuh... ah... uu... haah... nn... haah...♡』
はじめは、勃起やチンポなどという単語も言えず知らず…それが今では股から俺の精液を垂れ流し=At first, she couldn't even bring herself to say "cock" and "erect"... and look at her now, with my semen dripping off her entire body,
まだチンポをハメて欲しいと懇願するまでになり、挙句、自分から跨ったり子作りセックスがしたいとまでねだる。=and she's still begging for more after that. Hell, the whole thing with her straddling me and asking for baby-making sex too.
しかし…=Still...
『もう１ヶ月か…』=『It's already been a month, huh...』
『うん…♡ふふ…♡はー…はー…すぅ…はぁ…ふぅ…』=『Yeah...♡ Fufuh...♡ Haah... haah... ssssuh.... haah... fuuuh...』
これで夏休みが終わって…前任の用務員が戻ってきたら…。俺もお役御免となるわけだ。=Soon, once summer's over... and the previous custodian comes back... I'll be relieved of my duties here too.
『おじさん…？どうしたの…？』=『Uncle...? What's wrong...?』
まあ、それは仕方ない。それまでは乙羽ちゃんとの関係を楽しむことにしよう。だったら…=Well, nothing to be done about that. Let's just enjoy this relationship with Otoha-chan until then. In that case...
『特別な関係になりたいんだよね…？』=『You want to have a special relationship with me, don't you...?』
『うん…。はぁ…ふぅ…おじさんの特別になりたいの…。全部、全部…特別…』=『Yeah... haah... fuuh... I want to be your special one... in every, every... way...』
『じゃあ、これからおじさんの、おじさんだけの特別な…肉便器になってくれるかい？一生おじさん専用のオナホ便器だ』=『In that case, will you become my personal, and private... cocksleeve? You'll be nothing more than a cocksleeve for the rest of your life.』
『はぁはぁ…♡でも、もうそのつもりだよ？それって莉乃ちゃんよりもすごいこと…？私だけのおじさんになるの…？』=『Haahaah...♡ But, I already thought of myself as that, you know? Do you mean someone even more special than Rino-chan...? Will you become mine and only mine too...?』
『そうだよ。そうなれたら乙羽ちゃんは本当に特別な子になるんだ。莉乃ちゃんとは一時的な関係だったからね』=『That's right. You'll be a really special girl. After all, my relationship with Rino-chan was only a temporary one.』
『じゃあ、なる。ならせて…♡はぁはぁ…私…おじさんの、おじさんだけの、特別な一生肉便器奴隷になる…♡』=『Then yes, I will. Let me...♡ Haahaaah... I'll... be your, special lifegong personal cocksleeve slave...♡』
『よしよし、じゃあ乙羽ちゃんはおじさんの特別だ』=『Good girl, you're my special girl from now on then.』
『ふふ、ずっとおじさんだけの特別でいられるなんてすごく幸せだよぉ…♡♡はぁはぁ…♡』=『Fufuh, I feel so happy that I get to be special to you forever...♡♡ Haahaaah...♡』
『それからは時間があっという間に過ぎた…。』=『After that, time passed by in the blink of an eye...』
『夏休みも終わって、新学期が始まって……私は……』=『Summer vacation ended, the new school term started... and I...』
『乙羽ちゃん！今日、ノート貸してくれてありがとうね』=『Otoha-chan! Thanks for letting me borrow your notes again.』
『もー、また乙羽に借りたのー？』=『Jeez, you borrowed them from her again?』
『えへへ…』=『Eheheh...』
『いいのいいの。私も借してもらうことがあるかもしれないし』=『It's fine, it's fine. I might need to borrow them someday myself too, so.』
『最初は緊張したけれど…今はクラスになじめて、引っ込み思案な私にも何人かの親しい友達が出来た。』=『I was nervous at first but... I've gotten used to class now, and even a shy girl like me has managed to get herself some close friends.』
『あ、そうだ。乙羽、今日一緒に帰らない？』=『Ah, right. Otoha, wanna walk home together today?』
『え……？』=『Eh...?』
『うん、そうだ！たまには一緒に帰ろうよ！』=『Yeah, good idea! Let's walk home together sometime, c'mon!』
『あ…ご、ごめん。その、今日はちょっと寄るところ…用事があって…』=『Ah... s-sorry. I actually have to stop by somewhere... for some stuff...』
『えー、またぁ？！』=『Eh, again~?!』
『ちょっと…ほら、違うよ。アレだよ、アレ』=『Hey now... it's, you know. That kind of a deal.』
『え？アレって…あ、まさかぁ…』=『Eh? You mean... ah, no way...』
『彼氏いるんでしょー！』=『You've got a boyfriend, don't you!』
『ち、違うよ～…そんなんじゃないってば。本当に用事なのに～…』=『N-No~... it's nothing like that. I really do have something to take care of~....』
『あー、でもそうかも。乙羽、すごく成績いいし…今から秘密の勉強とかしててもおかしくないよね』=『Ah, but I guess it makes sense. You've got some insane grades, Otoha... I wouldn't be surprised if you were trying to go and sneak in some extra studies.』
『え…そ、そんな特別なことしてないよ…？』=『Eh... I-It's nothing that insane, okay...?』
『あはは、あり得る。勉強だったら私はもう授業でお腹いっぱい。宿題もあるしさぁ…』=『Ahahah, I wouldn't be surprised either. I'm already in over my head with the classwork and assignments...』
『じゃあうちらはその用事、ついていけないなー。あ、でも。彼氏でも好きな人でも、できたら私達に話してよね』=『If it's something like that, we really can't come along with you~. Ah but, if you get a boyfriend or get a crush on someone, let us know, okay?』
『う、うん。勿論。…じゃあ、私、急ぐからこれで。…またね』=『Y-Yeah. Of course. ...Then, I'm gonna go, I gotta hurry. ...See you later.』
『前の学校と全く違って、皆のびのびしてて…学校生活が楽しいって初めて思える日々を送っている。』=『Unlike my old school, everyone's really easygoing here... for the first time, it feels like school is fun.』
『でも、楽しいって思えるのはそれだけじゃない……。』=『But, it's not just because of that...』
『来たよ、おじさん』=『I'm here, uncle.』
『おじさんは新学期が始まってもまだ用務員としてこの学校に住み込みで働いている。』=『Uncle's still working here, as the live-in custodian, despite the new term.』
『というのも、前の用務員さんは体調を崩したままなかなか元気にならないらしくて…』=『Because, well, the previous one didn't seem to be getting any better and...』
『年齢のこともあって退職したって聞かされた。それでおじさんが正式な用務員として採用されたみたい。』=『Apparently, since he was already pretty old, he decided to just retire. So uncle was hired as the official school custodian.』
『夏の真っ盛りの…夏休みの間だけかもしれないなんて思っていたけれど…私の予想はいい意味で裏切られた。』=『I really thought that... our relationship would only last as long as the summer did but... my expectations were pleasantly betrayed.』
『誰にもバレないように、こっそりと…関係は続いている。だから…』=『And so we continued our relationship... in secret, without letting anyone know. So...』
『次の夏も、またその次の夏も…、そしてその間もずっと…大好きなおじさんと一緒に離れずに過ごしていくの。』=『Next summer, and the one after that... and all the time in between too... I'll be spending all of it, with my beloved uncle.』
ＥＮＤ=END
『ふー、日暮れが遅いからまだまだ練習できそうに思えちゃう』=『Fuuh, the sun sets so late in summer, I can't help but get more practice in.』
『今日も最後まで居残り練習をしていたら、部員は皆先に引き上げて…最後のひとりになっちゃった。』=『Today, everyone else already left before me... I'm the last one still here.』
『いつものことだし…それに、あの事があってからは、ひたすら練習してるほうが気が紛れる…。』=『I mean, it's just an everyday thing... plus, after what happened, this is the only way I can distract myself...』
『っ、はあ…やっぱり結構疲れたなぁ。ケガしちゃ練習の意味がないもんね。早く帰ろっと』=『Haah... I'm pretty tired after all. It'll end up pointless if I just hurt myself, so let's go home for today.』
『ん…？…あれって…』=『Nn...? ...Is that...』
『…そこでこっちに向かって走ってくる人影が見えた。』=『...There I saw a figure running towards me.』
『リノー！』=『Rino!』
『…タカ君！』=『...Taka-kun!』
『はーっ、つっかれた！ってこの程度で俺疲れねーけどな！リノ、こんな時間までまた居残り練習？』=『Haah--, I'm beat--! As if! Like that'd ever tire me out! Rino, were you practicing till late again?』
『うん、そうだよ』=『Yep, I was.』
『リノ、真面目だなぁ。でももう時間いっぱいだろ？帰るならさ、一緒に帰ろうぜ』=『You're so serious about it. But surely you've practiced enough? If you're going home, let's go home together.』
『あ…でも、私まだこんな格好だし…着替えて…更衣室の清掃チェックと日誌、書かなきゃだから…』=『Ah... but, I'm still in these... I need to change... and clean the locker room, and write up a journal entry...』
『タカ君も時間いっぱいぐらいまで練習してたんでしょ？もう遅いし、今日は先に帰ってて大丈夫だよ』=『You were practicing until late too, no? I think you should go home first, I can get back by myself.』
『いーよ、いーよ。俺、待ってるからさ。やっぱリノと一緒に帰りてーし』=『It's fine, it's fine. I'll wait for you. I wanna go home with you after all.』
『タカ君……』=『Taka-kun...』
『その…こないだは……ホントごめんな』=『Also erhm... I really am sorry... about the other day.』
『…ふふ、もう謝らなくて大丈夫だって。ＬＩＭＥでももう大丈夫って言ったでしょ。気にしないで』=『...Fufuh, you've apologized enough, dummy. I told you it was fine already on LIME, no? Don't worry about it.』
『あんがとな』=『Thanks.』
『ふふ…私こそありがとう』=『Fufuh... no, thank you.』
『おい、そこの２人。何を立ち話しとるんだ』=『Oi, you two over there. What are you loitering around for?』
『その声が聞こえた瞬間、夢中から現実…よりも、ずっと酷いところまで引きずりおろされて…』=『The moment I heard that voice, I was dragged back down from heaven to earth... no, all the way to somewhere even deeper...』
『一気に血の気が引く…。』=『I could feel the blood rushing out of me...』
『…誰あいつ。……先生じゃねーよな？』=『...Who the hell is that? ...He's not a teacher, is he?』
『なんで…こんなタイミングで…。よりによってタカ君といる時に……。』=『Why... at a time like this... in front of Taka-kun, of all people...』
『…リノ？？』=『...Rino??』
『…え、なんか…新任の用務員さんみたい。ほら、前のおじいさん、今体調悪いみたいで』=『...Eh, apparently... he's the new custodian. I mean, you remember how the old uncle collapsed, no?』
『そなの？』=『Really?』
『最終下校時刻の放送が聞こえなかったのか？』=『Did you not hear the announcement about the last hour to leave school?』
『……いや、まあ…聞こえましたけど』=『...No, well... we did, but.』
『前までの私なら、誤魔化しながらもきっぱり追い返すことが出来たはずなのに、今は何も言えない…。』=『If it was before 'that' happened, I would have still been able to brush it off and drive him away but, now I couldn't say a word...』
『用がないなら、戸締りと見回りをするから。ほら早く帰れ。他の部員はお前らに遠慮して先に帰ったぞ』=『If you've got nothing to do, I'm going to lock the doors and patrol. Come on now, back to your homes. All the other clubs already left long ago.』
『…へーい、すいませんした。すぐ帰るんで』=『...Alright, we're sorry. We'll go right away.』
『……すごく、腹立たしいし…』=『....I'm so mad...』
『リノ、俺、先に学校出てるわ』=『Rino, I'm going to head home first.』
『ほら、帰った帰った』=『C'mon, off with you two.』
『っ…私も急いで帰るようにします……』=『--! ...I'll try to head home quickly as well...』
『すごく、悔しい………。』=『I'm so, mad...』
『もう、なんでついてくるの？』=『Jeez, why are you following me?』
『おじさんもこっちに用があるんでね』=『I've got some business this way as well.』
『だからって私についてこなくてもいいでしょ！』=『Does that mean you have to follow me too!?』
『同じ方向だからって…莉乃ちゃんはちょっと自意識過剰になってるんじゃないかな？』=『I told you, it's just the same way... aren't you getting a bit too self-conscious, Rino-chan?』
『それとも、おじさんの仕事に興味でもあるのかい？』=『Or are you interested in this uncle's work, by any chance?』
『あるわけないでしょ！』=『Like I would be!』
『色々教えてあげたいのに、残念だなぁ』=『I'd love to teach you all about it too, what a shame.』
『アンタに教えてもらうことなんかないから』=『There's nothing I want to learn from you.』
『そういえば、彼氏君。いくらおじさんが帰れと言ったからって、彼女の莉乃ちゃんを放って帰るのは薄情だなあ』=『Say, your boyfriend, even if I was telling you two to leave, it was pretty heartless of him to just abandon you, wasn't it?』
『タカく…あの人のことを悪く言わないで。構わないでよ』=『Don't badmouth Taka-ku... him. Just ignore him, he's got nothing to do with this.』
『庇うほどの男かなあ？莉乃ちゃんに襲いかかる時以外はすごすご帰るような腰抜けだよ？』=『Is he really worth covering for though? He's the sort of coward that just runs off sad and dejected, you know? Aside from when he assaulted you.』
『悪く言わないでって言ってるじゃない！それにそもそもアンタが追い払ったんじゃないの！』=『I told you not to badmouth him! To begin with, aren't you the one who chased him away?!』
『心外だなあ、追い払ってなんかいないよ』=『You wound me, I didn't chase him away at all.』
『フン、嘘くさい。っていうかついてこないでってば。この先が更衣室なの、知ってるでしょ？』=『Hmph, sure. Also, I told you, stop following me. You know the locker room's up ahead.』
『ん？もしかして、この前のことを思い出して期待して誘ってるのかな？』=『Nn? By any chance, are you actually inviting me in, hoping for something more like last time?』
『莉乃ちゃんは本当に貪欲でエッチな子だねえ』=『You really are just such a greedy slut, Rino-chan.』
『ふざけないでっ！！』=『Don't mess with me--!!』
『ふざけてなんかいないよ。おじさんの手で、床をビチョビチョにしてあっさりイっちゃったのは誰かな？』=『I'm not messing with you. After all, you know better than me exactly who it was that flooded her juices all over the floor just from my fingers.』
『…っ！！ほんっとアンタって最ッ低…！』=『...--!! You really are just scum...!』
『あれから彼氏君にはさせてあげたのかな？仲直りしてるように見えたのはってことはそういう事？』=『Did you let your boyfriend do you after that? Is that why you two looked like you'd made up?』
『うるさいってば！！』=『Shut up!!』
『おじさんはあれから、莉乃ちゃんのナカの感触を思い出しながら……っと、更衣室か』=『Ever since then, uncle's been thinking back to exactly how it felt inside... oh, we're here.』
『これ以上本当についてこないで！！気持ち悪い！！』=『Seriously, don't follow me inside!! You disgusting creep!!』
莉乃ちゃんはこちらを強く睨みつけた後に扉を開け、スッと中に滑り込んだ後…=Glaring hard at me, she opened the door, slipped inside and...
こちらにも風が来るほどの勢いでそれを閉めて、すぐさま鍵をかけた。=slammed it shut so hard it blew some air at me, and then locked the door.
『最低、最低、最低…！更衣室って分かってついてきて…。何を言っても全然聞いてないし』=『Scum, scum, scum...! Following me knowing I was going to the locker room... he doesn't listen to a word I say either.』
『おまけにしつこいし…はぁっ、もうヤダ。タカ君と仲直りしてから初めて一緒に帰れるチャンスだったのに…』=『And he's always so persistent too... haah--, I can't anymore. Even though that was the first chance I had to walk home with Taka-kun after that...』
『あっ…もう。誰なの？ここに体操リボン置いたまま…。使ったら用具入れに戻してって言ってるのに…』=『Ah--... jeez, whose is this now? This gymnastics ribbon... I keep telling to put them back every single time and yet...』
『はぁ…もうやだ。早く帰ってシャワー浴びて……』=『Haah... I can't anymore. I want to go home and take a shower already...』
『莉乃ちゃん、何をそんなに時間かけてるんだ？もう下校時間なんだから早く支帰り度しなよ』=『Rino-chan, what are you taking so long for? It's already closing time so get going.』
『っへ？！え、ちょっ…やだ！！なんで…っ？！』=『Eh--!? Eh, wha--... no!! Why...--?!』
『なんだ…遅いからてっきりオナニーでもおっ始めてるかと思ったが…』=『Oh... and here I thought you'd started masturbating or something, since you were taking so long...』
『はぁっ？！っていうかホントなんで入ってきてんの！？鍵かけてあったでしょ！？？』=『Haah--!? Seriously, how did you come in!? I even locked the door!!?』
『おじさんは用務員だよ。マスターキーぐらい持ってるに決まってるじゃないか』=『I'm the custodian here. Of course I've got the master key to all the locks.』
『っバッカじゃないの！！最低！キモいことしないでよ！着替え中に開けるなんて…この変態！！！』=『You bonehead!! Scum! Always doing creepy stuff! Walking in while I'm changing... you pervert!!!』
『女の子なのに口が汚いのは良くないなあ。これは昔みたいにちゃんと躾けてやらんと…』=『It's not good to have such a dirty mouth as a girl, you know? Clearly, I need to discipline you like the old days...』
『はあっ？何が昔よ、こっち来ないでよ！！』=『Haah--!? Don't give me that crap, don't come any closer!!』
『な、何してるのよっ……』=『W-What are you doing--....』
『何って、躾を邪魔されないよう鍵をかけただけだよ』=『"What"? I'm just locking the door so that we don't get interrupted.』
『どれどれ、おお…ちょうどいい物があるじゃないか。体操用具の置き忘れとは後輩の指導もなってないなあ』=『Let's see then, ooh... look at all this stuff just lying around. You're not leading your juniors properly either.』
『やだ、なにす…っきゃっ！！！』=『No, what are you... kyaah--!!!』
『莉乃ちゃんもなかなか力が強くなったなぁ』=『You've really gotten a whole lot stronger, Rino-chan.』
『ほどいてよ！！』=『Untie me--!!!』
『でも、そんなに抵抗してないように思えたのは気のせいかな？莉乃ちゃんはこういうのも好きなのかい？』=『But is it just me, or did you not resist all that much? Do you like this sort of stuff too, Rino-chan?』
『ほどいてってば！！』=『Untie me already!!』
『…口汚い女の子は駄目だっておじさん言っただろう。言っても分からないなら…』=『...Didn't I tell you to give that dirty mouth a rest? If words won't get through to you...』
『そうかそうか。やっぱりこうすれば莉乃ちゃんは静かになるんだね。本当にいやらしい女だ』=『I see, I see. This really is the only way to get you to quiet down, isn't it? What a slut, really.』
『っ…ちが……っは……ぁ…』=『--! ...No... hah... ah...』
『ははは。そんなにおじさんの大人チンポが恋しかったとは可哀想なことをしたねえ』=『Hahahah. I didn't know you were craving my adult cock this much. My bad, I didn't mean to torture you like that.』
『どうやらこの様子じゃ彼氏と仲直りしてもこっちの進展は無かったようだね』=『Still, seems that even if you two did make up, there was no progress to be had in this department, huh?』
『好きなだけ匂いを嗅いでいいんだよ。手でされてる時も本当はコレが欲しかったんだろう？』=『Feel free to sniff it as much as you want. You actually wanted this when I was using my hand, no?』
『っは…ぁ…はぁっ…ふー…はー……んくっ…』=『Hah... ah... haah... fuuh... haah... nnkuh--...』
『このサカりよう…。昔の肉欲三昧を思い出しちまったか』=『Look at you getting so steamy... Guess I made you remember all those things we did, huh?』
『ち…違う、わよ…！』=『N... No, I...!』
『嫌なら普通は顔ぐらいは背けるだろう？』=『I mean, if you really didn't want it, you'd have turned your face away, no?』
『ほ～ら、お待ちかねのチンポだぞ』=『Come on~, it's the cock you've been waiting for.』
『んっ…ぅ…っ…』=『Nn--... uu....』
『ヤリマンにお似合いな蕩けた顔しやがって…』=『Look at that melty expression, fits a whore like you...』
『別に…ア、アンタの…汚い…モノ…なんか…』=『As if... I-I'm making that sort of face... looking at... your filthy... thing...』
『謝りもしなけりゃ感謝も出来ない、素直でもない。そんなメスには簡単にはくれてやれないなあ』=『Never apologizing, never being grateful, and now not even being honest. A bitch like you won't get it so easily.』
『だ、だから…欲しいなんて…お、思ってない…』=『I-I told you... I don't even... w-want it...』
『口ばっかりで手のかかる女だ。…どれ、少しは素直になるようにしてやろうか』=『What a pain of a woman, nothing but talk. ...Come on, let's make you a bit more honest, shall we?』
『ちょ、ちょっと…、な、何するつもりよ……！』=『H-Hey... w-what are you planning...!』
『何って、まずはこのいやらしいオマンコに、チンポの味を思い出させてあげようねぇ…』=『Well, for starters, let's make your slutty pussy remember the taste of the cock it loves so much again....』
『あっ、ふあぁっ………、ちょっ…、いや…！やめなさいってば…！はぁっ…、あん…』=『Ah--, fuaah.... hey--... no...! Stop it...! Haah--... ahn....』
『いきなりメインディッシュは味気ないからねえ。ほら、昔みたいに一緒に楽しもうか』=『It'd be pretty tasteless to go for the main course right away, after all. Come on, let's enjoy ourselves like we used to.』
『はー…っはー…っん…っはー…っぁ…はー…』=『Haah... haah... nnn... haah... ah... haah...』
『もどかしいのに……こんなので、またこいつの手で…イっちゃった……。』=『Even though I hate it... I came again, from this... from his hand...』
『大して暴れもしないし、縛る必要もなかったかな』=『You didn't resist as much as I thought, I didn't need to tie you up after all.』
『はー…っん、はー…っはー…っ…っはー…』=『Haah... nn, haah... haah... haah..』
『…こんなつもりじゃないのに…。』=『...Even though I didn't want to...』
『気持ちよさそうにしやがって。本当に淫乱女だな。面白いほど思った通りだ』=『Loving every bit of it, what a slut. It was honestly funny.』
『…ふー、ふー…ん、はぁ…っぁ…はー…っはー…』=『...Fuuh, fuuh... nn, haah... ah... haah... haah...』
『腹立つ…。こいつも…感じてる私も……。』=『I'm so mad... at him... and at myself...』
『あんな前戯程度で気をやるほど、飢えた女にした責任はちゃんと取ってあげるよ』=『Don't worry, I'll take responsibility for leaving you so starved for it that you loved just some basic foreplay like that.』
『な、なによ、責任って、そっちだってイったくせに…！』=『T-The heck, "responsibility", even though you came...!』
『悔しい…悔しい…我慢したのに……。なんで私はこいつに弱いんだろう…。好意なんて微塵もないのに。』=『So... so mad.... even though I worked so hard to hold it in... why am I weak to him... I don't like him even a bit.』
『イったくせに…か。それはイかなかった子が言える言葉なんじゃないのかな？あーあ…リボンもドロドロに汚れて…このままじゃしまえないねぇ』=『Even though I came... huh? I don't think you're in any position to talk. Aah~... the ribbon's a mess too... can't just leave it like this, now can we?』
『はぁ…はぁ…っ……』=『Haah... haah....』
『言い返す言葉もないなら、最初から素直に俺の生チンポが欲しくてたまらないって言えばいいのに…』=『You can't even say a word back. Honestly, you should have just said how badly you were craving my cock from the very start...』
『はぁ、っはぁ…っ…そんなんじゃない…って……んっ…はぁ…はぁ…言ってる、じゃない…』=『Haah, haah... I was not... nn... haah... haa... I told, you...』
『おじさんもそこまで意地が悪いわけじゃない。問答はここまでにして…』=『Now now. I'm not that mean a guy either, so let's leave the questions aside and...』
『はあ…はぁ…』=『Haah... haah...』
『まだ呼吸を荒くして、物足りなさそうにしているんだ。…無理もないか』=『I see your breath's still ragged. And look at that unsatisfied expression ...Though I guess it makes sense.』
『このままじゃ…ろくなことにならない。…逃げなきゃ。でも…これじゃ動けない…。』=『It's only going to... get worse, at this rate. ...I need to run. But... I can't move like this...』
『５年間もお預けにしてきたチンポが欲しいんだろう？それともこれまでに俺以外のモノでも咥えたかな？』=『You want the cock you haven't had for 5 whole years, no? Or did you go sitting around on other cocks while I wasn't here?』
『そんなワケないじゃない…！それにアンタのなんか、ほ…欲しくなんかないわよ…。はぁ、はぁ…』=『As if I would have...! And I d... don't want your cock either... haah, haah...』
『結び目が固い……。ほどけない…どうしよう…。逃げたい。早くこいつの前から…じゃないと…』=『The knot's too tight... I can't untie this... what do I do... I want to run away. From him... else...』
『寂しい思いをさせた分、淫乱マンコにたっぷり大好きな味を味わわせてあげよう』=『In return for making you wait for so long, I'll let you savour the thing you love the most right in your slutty pussy.』
『はぁ…はぁっ…ダメ…それだけは絶対…ダメだから…』=『Haah... haah... no... that's the one thing... I can't...』
『い、挿入[い/2]れられちゃったら…タカ君に………ううん、何よりその前に…』=『I-If he puts it in... Taka-kun and I... no, before that...』
『また期待した顔をして…よくこれまで我慢したもんだ。あれだけチンポの味を覚えた女[メス/1]だもんな』=『Look at you craving it... I'm surprised you managed to hold on until now. After all, you can't forget the taste of a good cock, can you?』
『女のつたないオナニーと、生の雄チンポで突きあげられるのはまったくの別モンだろう？』=『Touching yourself all over doesn't even compare to taking a whole raw cock into your slutty pussy, does it?』
『その前に…私、またダメになっちゃう…。戻れなくなっちゃう…。』=『Before that even happens... I'll end up, like that again... I won't be able to, go back...』
『しかし、そうさなぁ…手マンだけでなく、生ハメまで彼氏君より先にしちゃって悪いなぁ、ははは』=『But, lets see... I do feel pretty bad for your boyfriend, not only playing with your pussy before he got too, but sticking my thing in it before him too, hahahah.』
『やっやだっ…！！っは、っはっ…本当にやめて…！！』=『No--, no--...!! Hah, hah... seriously, don't...!!』
『せっかく…せっかく離れられて…普通に、好きな人とこれから幸せにやっていくつもりだったのに…』=『I finally... finally got away from him... and found someone, to be happy with...』
『お願い、本当に…っはぁ、っはぁ…ダ、ダメなのっ…！』=『Please, I'm begging you... haah, haah... I-I can't...!』
『そんな切なそうに言われると、何時間でもずっぽり根元までハメてガンガン突いてやりたくなるなあ…』=『Hearing you beg with a tone like that's only making me want to churn you up all the way inside for hours and hours...』
『それをされたら…戻れない…！もうコイツのチンポなんて忘れてたのに…。』=『If he does that... I won't be able to go back...! Even though I already forgot about his cock, he'll make me...』
『じゃあ、おじさんもついでに楽しませてもらうとするか』=『Well then, I guess uncle here will enjoy himself a bit too.』
『いやっ、本当にっ…ダメ…っ、んあっ…っは…』=『No--, seriously--... don't... nnah--... haah...』
『何が”ダメ”だ。またこんなに溢れさせて、喘いで…。聞こえるだろう？いやらしい音が響いてるぞ、ほれ…』=『What "no"? Look how much you're overflowing and moaning... Can't you hear them? The sounds coming from your body. Look...』
『んっ、ああっ！！！』=『Nn--, aaaah--!!』
『ほぅら、パンパンの亀頭をもう飲み込んだ。吸い付くみたいにずっぽりと…』=『Look, you've already swallowed up my entire tip. As if you're trying to suck me in...』
『ダメ…今ので、これだけで飛んじゃいそうになってる…。たったこれだけで…イ、イキかけるなんて…』=『No... just that, just that little bit was enough to make me feel dizzy... Just that little bit... a-almost made me cum...』
『腰を動かさなくても、欲しがりマンコが吸い付いて飲み込もうとしてるのがわかるかい？』=『I haven't even moved my hips, can you feel the way your greedy pussy's just trying to suck me in?』
『イヤよ、お願い、抜いてっ…！』=『No, please, pull it out...--!』
『ああ…莉乃ちゃんのおマンコのヒダ…ずっとハメっぱなしだったみたいにウネウネ動いて』=『Aah... your folds must have been so lonely for all these years... look at them wriggle.』
『生チンポに大喜びして、ピストンされるのを期待してるねぇ…。ああ、気持ちいい…』=『They're so happy to see my cock, and can't wait for me to pound you... aah, so good...』
『いやっ！それ以上入れないっ…っで…』=『No--! Don't push it in any--... further....』
『んっ…ぁっ…ぁあっ…！』=『Nn--... ah--... aaaah--...!』
『生意気言っても、彼氏だなんだいっても…俺のチンポで感じてるのは隠せないんだよ』=『Even if you rebel, and even if you gush on and on about your boyfriend... you can't hide how much you love my cock from me.』
『熱い…。中から…全身に一気に熱が広がるみたいに…ダメ…気持ちいい…。ダメ…ダメだって…』=『Heat... spreading inside me... all over my body... no... it feels good... stop... stop...』
『っふー…っふー…っ…ふー…』=『Fuuh... fuuh.... fuuh....』
『堪えても体に毒だよ？せっかく、久しぶりに莉乃ちゃんの大好きなおじさんチンポなんだ』=『It's just poison for the body to hold it in like that, you know? Come on, it's the cock you love so much, and you finally get to have it again.』
『うるさ…っ…いっ………』=『Shut... up--....』
『こんなに洪水みたいになって…。毎日生ハメしてた時もここまでマン汁が溢れるなんてなかったんじゃないか？』=『Look at how much you're flooding... I don't think you used to get this wet even when we used to fuck everyday.』
『はぁっ、ぁ…ん、ぅ…っく…』=『Haah--, ah... nn, uu... kuh....』
『が、我慢しなきゃ…。絶対…こんなの…絶対に…許されないんだから…』=『I-I gotta endure it...I can't... let... let him... get away with this...』
『彼氏君もこんなトロトロマンコに童貞チンポを突っ込みたくて仕方ないだろうねえ』=『I bet your boyfriend also dreams of stuffing his virgin cock into a melty pussy like this.』
『あの人のっ…話、は…しないっ…っで……！はーっはーっ…っく…』=『Don't talk... about, hi... him...! Haah, haah... kuh...』
『タカ君を…これ以上、タカ君を裏切りたく…ない。疼いて仕方ないあの頃に戻るなんて……絶対にイヤ…』=『I don't want to... I don't want to betray him... any more than this. I don't want to go back... to those days, where my body throbbed non stop....』
『え？なんだって…？よく聞こえないなあ』=『Eh? What did you say...? I didn't catch you.』
『し、ないでってば…！はぁはぁ…』=『S-Stop it...! Haah haah...』
『ここまできて、しないわけないだろう。それにおじさんのチンポにねっとり絡まってるよ』=『Do you really think I would, after coming this far? Not to mention, you've grabbed onto me tight.』
『ダメっ…だって…！ぁっ…っふ……ぁっ、あっ…はっ、あっ…んっ…んぁっ…』=『Stop--... it...! Ah--... fuuh... ah--, ah--... hah--, ah--... nn--... nnah--...』
『おじさんのチンポの形を覚えてるのか、ぐじゅぐじゅのスケベなマン肉がへばりつくねぇ』=『So you remember the shape of this uncle's cock, huh? Your melty, slutty folds are clinging to me.』
『今までの態度で怒ってるなら…謝れば……今からでも…やめてくれるかも…しれない。謝りたくなんかない、けど…』=『If he's mad about the way I've been talking to him... it might still... not be too late... to apologize... for it. I don't, want to but...』
『これ以上挿入されるぐらいなら…今の、普通の幸せに戻れなくなるぐらいなら…言葉なんかいくらでも…』=『If it's to make him stop going any deeper... and to, protect the normal happiness I have... words are nothing...』
『や、なの…イヤ…んひっ…あっう…っは、っは……あ、謝る…っ…っ謝る、から…。んあっ…』=『I don't, like this... I don't... nnhiih--... auuu... hah, haah... I-I'll apologize... I'll apologize, so... nnaah--...』
『そうかそうか…まぁ、何を言っても今からおじさんが子宮まで一気に犯しちゃうんだけどねえ』=『Oh, that so?... Well, no matter what you say, I'm still gonna ravish your womb in one go though.』
『嘘…何いって…』=『No way... what are you sayi....』
『ぇっ、やっ……』=『Eh--, no--...』
『そらっ…』=『There--...』
『っっあああっーーー！！！！』=『--! Aaaaaaaaaaah--!!!』
『っぁ…っぁ……』=『Ah.... ah...』
『ああ…おじさんチンポを咥え慣れた莉乃ちゃんのおマンコは、やっぱりよぉく馴染むねぇ…』=『Aah... your pussy's so used to sucking on my dick, it fits me so well~...』
『ぁっ…ぁ……ぁ……』=『Ah... ah... ah...』
『膣全体が痙攣して……挿入だけでイっちまったか。痛いぐらい締め付けて…』=『Look at you spasming... you came just from me putting it in, huh? Clenching down so hard it almost hurts...』
『んあっ…ひっ…っ…ぅ…』=『Nnah... hiih.... uu....』
『ごちゃごちゃ生意気言ったりこざかしく喋るより、淫楽で声も出ない莉乃ちゃんが可愛いなぁ』=『You're way cuter like this with your mouth plugged from the pleasure than when you babble your rebellious nonsense on and on.』
『っ、っ…ぁっ、…あぁ…』=『....Ah--... aah...』
『昔から変わらないふしだらな体の莉乃ちゃんが、おじさんは大好きだよ』=『I love you and your ever-so-loose body, Rino-chan.』
『っぁ…っ…ぅ、っ…』=『Ah... uu--....』
『ほら、いつまでイキっぱなしでヘタレこんでんだ。これからが本番だろ、起き上がれ』=『C'mon, how long are you going to spasm in pleasure for? The real show's just starting. Get up.』
小刻みに締め付けてくるメスマンコを愉悦と共に味わいながら、縛り上げていたリボン紐を乱雑に解く。=As I savoured the joy and pleasure of her spasming pussy, I roughly pulled off the ribbon from her body.
この女[メス/1]はこれである程度満足かもしれないが、俺はまだまだ物足りない。=This bitch might be satisfied with this but, I wasn't, not by a long shot.
きっちりと犯し潰してやるために、快感で震えている体に手を回し、抱き起した。=Aiming to thoroughly violate and destroy her, I put my hands around her quivering body, and picked her up.
『っはー…っ……んっ…っはー……っはー……』=『Haah... nnn... haah... haah...』
『頭が…回らない…体がジンジンする…。』=『My head's... not working... my body's, tingling all over...』
『っん、ぁ…はー…ん、はー……はーっ……』=『Nnn, ah... haah... nn, haah... haah....』
『体も…うまく、動かない…まだ奥が…熱い。私また…こいつにヤられちゃったんだ………。』=『I can't... move much, either... it's still so... hot inside. He got me... again...』
『……っ、っく…ひっく…っ…っく…は、…ぅっ…うぅっ…っく……ふ…、っは……うっ…』=『....Kuh... hic.... kuh... haah... uu--.... uuu--... kuh... fuh... hah... uu...』
『タカ君…ごめんなさい…。私………もうこんなんじゃないはずなのに…。あの頃とは違うはずなのに…。』=『Taka-kun... I'm sorry.... I was... supposed to be better now... not like I used to be...』
『っううっ、っく…ひっ…っく、はふ…っく…ぅあ…っく…ひっく……ぅ…っく………』=『Uuu--, kuh... hih--... kuh, hafuh.... kuh... ah... kuh... hiik... uu... kuh....』
『レイプ…って言いきれない…。私、気持ちよくなってた…。タカ君のじゃない男のモノで……。こんなことはもう…二度とない、はず…なのに。』=『I can't even... call it rape.... I was, enjoying it... loving another man's, thing... even though this was... never supposed to, happen... again.』
『ひっく……ひっく…はぁ、…っく…うう…はぁ…ひくっ…うっく………』=『Hiic... hiic... haah... kuh... uu... haah... hic... uukh....』
『あーあー…散々、喘いでよがって…メスイキまでしたくせに、今さら被害者面で泣き出すとはねえ…』=『Aaah... you were moaning and writhing so much... and even came like a bitch, and now you're playing at being the victim?...』
『ひっく……ひっく…はぁ、…っく…はぁ…っく…ひくっ…ぅくっ………ひっく…』=『Hiic... hiic... haah... kuh... haah... kuh... hiic... ukuh... hiic...』
『私、変われてない…、淫らな女なんだ…。こんな最低男に…道具みたいに…いいように使われて……。』=『I haven't changed, at all... I'm still a slut... being used... by this scum of a man... like a tool...』
『怒鳴りつけていた勢いはどこへ行ったんだろうねぇ。思い出すのも恥ずかしくなったかな』=『I wonder where the angry shouty girl from before went? Or are you too embarrassed to even think back to that?』
『私、変われるはずだって、ずっと強く頑張ってきたのに。やっぱり…普通には…戻れないなんて…………。』=『Even though I tried so hard, for so long, to change. But I guess... there's no going back... to being normal for me...』
『でも莉乃ちゃんも存分楽しんだだろう？これではっきりもう分かったんじゃないかな…？』=『But you loved that plenty yourself, no? I think you understand it now, right...?』
『…ひ…っく…っ……わ、かる…？…』=『...Hiih... kuh... under, stand...?』
『莉乃ちゃん…いや、お前は俺のものなんだよ。彼氏が出来ようが、どうあろうが、俺のメスなんだ』=『Rino-chan... you're my bitch. No matter if you've got a boyfriend or what, that fact won't change.』
『…っ……っ…』=『...--! ....--!...』
『…そう…なの…？………ううん、違う……！私はタカ君が好き…。それだけははっきりしてる…。』=『...Am... I...? ....No, I'm...! I love Taka-kun... I know that for a fact...!』
『ん？なんだ…？じっと睨んで…。まだハメ足りないのかな？』=『Nn, what...? Look at that glare... Haven't fucked it into you yet, have I?』
『はー…っ、はー…』=『Haah.... haah....』
『悔しいし、タカ君に合わせる顔もないけど……でも…しっかりしなくちゃ…！また言いなりになっちゃう！！』=『I'm so mad, and I can't stand in front of Taka-kun like this... but... I gotta get a grip...! Else I'm gonna end up his slave again!!』
『違う…』=『No...』
『違う…？』=『"No"...?』
『っ、…か、体は…アンタに、こんな風にされたけど…気持ちはずっとタカ君を想ってる……』=『--! ...Y-You... made my body, like this but... my heart will always belong to Taka-kun....』
『タカ君はアンタみたいに、ヤりたいからって最後まで無理やりしてくる人じゃないし…』=『Taka-kun isn't a scumbag like you, who'd force himself on me all the way just because he wants to...』
『アンタなんか怖くないんだから…。私にはタカ君がいる。私のことを思ってくれる大事な人がいるから怖くない』=『I'm not scared of you... I have Taka-kun. I'm not scared, because I have someone who loves me too.』
『っ…アンタなんか……アンタなんかイかせただけで私を丸ごと支配した気になって…』=『--! ...You think... you think you can conquer me completely just by making me cum?....』
『アンタこそ昔から何一つ変わってないじゃない！』=『You're the one who hasn't changed a bit since back then!』
『はあ…。欲求不満が解消されてスッキリしたら、くだらない恋愛ごっこ話か。おじさん、がっかりだよ』=『Haah... So now that your sexual cravings have been satisfied, you're gonna spout that love nonsense, huh? I'm honestly disappointed.』
『はぁ…はぁ……』=『Haah... haah...』
『莉乃ちゃんはもう少し賢い子だと思ったんだけどなあ。どれだけ根深いことかまだ分かっていないみたいだ』=『I really thought you were a smarter girl than this, Rino-chan. Seems like you still don't get just how deep it's ingrained into you.』
『いくら根深くても私は絶対屈しない。変わりもしなければ変わろうともしてない人になんて絶対に…！』=『No matter how deep it is, I won't give in. Not to a guy like you, who hasn't changed, and doesn't want to change either...!』
『その負け惜しみがいつまで続くか、おじさんが見届けてあげるよ。莉乃ちゃんはお気に入りだからね』=『Let's see how long you can keep that up for. Don't worry, I can wait. Because you're uncle's favourite, Rino-chan.』
『くっ…』=『Kuh--....』
『さて、そろそろ仕事に戻るか。ここも片付けておいてあげるよ。掃除道具でも取ってこよう』=『Now then, I guess I'll get back to work. You can go, I'll clean things up here. I'll go and get the tools and make quick work of it.』
朝の掃除を終えて、廊下を歩いていると、前から見知った２人が並んで歩いてきた。=Having taken care of the morning cleanup, as I walked down the hallway, I saw two familiar faces walking side by side.
『今日は朝練の開始の時間、一緒だったね。いつもタカ君の方が早いのに』=『I can't believe our morning practice is at the same time today. Usually yours is much earlier, Taka-kun.』
『なんか顧問が出張前とかで忙しいらしくてさー』=『Apparently our advisor was busy preparing for some business trip or something, so yeah~』
あの２人だ。朝っぱらからイチャイチャしやがって。…少し足を速めて近づく。=It's them. Look at them flirting right from the morning. ...I quickened my pace and approached them.
『おはよう。莉乃ちゃん、それに彼氏君』=『Morning, Rino-chan, and mister boyfriend.』
そしていかにも親しげなフリをして莉乃ちゃんを挟む形で真横にぴったりとくっついて歩調を合わせる。=And then, pretending that we were just that close, I went and lined up on Rino-chan's other side, and matched my pace with them.
下の名前で呼んだこと、男の呼び方、そして並んで歩いているせいか、莉乃ちゃんから笑顔が消えた。=Maybe it was because of the way I called her, or what I called the guy, or the way I walked up next to her, but her smile disappeared.
『おはよーございまーす』=『Good morning~.』
『おはようございます…』=『Good morning...』
『今日も２人は部活の朝練かな？こうも早いのに、ご苦労さんだねぇ』=『Out here this early for practice, are you? You're hardworking kids, good job.』
『おじさんもお疲れ様でーす』=『Thanks uncle, you too.』
『ははは、ありがとう。夏の朝早くに…暁さんを見ると、昔のことを思い出すよ』=『Hahahah, thanks. You know... when I see Akatsuki-san this early, it reminds me of the past.』
そう言いながら、後ろ手で莉乃ちゃんの尻をサッと触る。=As I said that, I quietly put my hand on her ass from the back.
チラと横目に見てみれば、俺が話し始めたことと触られた驚きで目を丸くしている。=Seeing the way she was looking at me, she was shocked at both the topic and the way I was touching her.
ああ…このへらへらとした男の面を見ていると、俺と莉乃ちゃんの過去を洗いざらい話してやりたくなる。=Aah... seeing this guy's dumb face makes me want to just tell him everything about our past together.
『え、おじさん、昔のリノのこと知ってるんすか？』=『Eh, uncle, you know Rino from before?』
おまけに、自分のものだと思い込んでいる女の尻を触られていても気付きもしない。本当に間抜けだ。=What's more, he hadn't even noticed that I was feeling up the ass of the woman he thought was his. Truly a fool.
『タカ君…』=『Taka-kun...』
その瞬間に莉乃ちゃんの尻肉を思いっきり揉むように大きく掴んでやった。=At that moment, I grabbed hard, and gave her fleshy ass a good squeeze.
一瞬睨まれるも、すぐに我慢するように目を逸らす。よほどこの男に何も漏らしたくないらしい。=Though she glared at me for a second, she looked away instantly, enduring it. She really didn't want him to find out a single thing, huh?
『ああ、よく知ってるとも。近所だったからよく話したり一緒に過ごしたもんさ』=『Yeah, I know her well. We lived in the same neighbourhood, so we got to chat a lot, and spend some time together.』
『昔のリノってどんな子だったんすか？すっげー興味ある』=『What was she like in the past? I'm super interested now.』
呑気に食いついてくる童貞男に内心ほくそ笑む。笑みながら、てのひらにある肉を何度も撫で上げた。=I couldn't help but chuckle internally at the happy-go-lucky virgin boy. As I smiled, I savoured the feeling in the palm of my hand.
『ははは、昔から面倒見がよくてね…』=『Hahahah, she's always been real good at taking care of others, you know...』
『自分のことよりも年下の友達のことを常に気にかけていた、頼りがいのある優しい子だったよ』=『She's always been a reliable, good girl. Even back then, she prioritized her younger friend over herself.』
『おじさんも色々と"お世話"になったもんだよ』=『She "helped" me out a lot too.』
『へー、今と変わんねーんだな』=『Hoh, so not all that different from now, huh?』
『あ、うっ、うん！』=『Ah, y-yeah!』
『うんうん。昔から活発だったよ。特に体を動かすことが好きでねぇ…』=『Yep. She's always been a lively girl. Especially when it came to physical stuff and whatnot...』
『おじさんもいい年なのに色々と"突き"合わされたもんだ』=『She even dragged an old man like me around to "keep her company".』
『マジっすかー、昔からっすか』=『Seriously~? Even back then?』
さりげなく更に下へと手を這わせ、太ももをさすりつつ、のろけた馬鹿面の話を聞いているフリをする。=I slipped my hand even further below, right onto her thighs, as I nodded along to the idiot's words.
『っ……ふ、…』=『--... fuh....』
莉乃ちゃんの息が僅かに荒くなっている。男の前で、他の男に触られて感じるとは恥のない女だ。=Rino-chan's breathing was starting to get rough. She was nothing but a shameless slut, being touched by another man in front of her boyfriend, and loving it.
妙な征服欲を覚えながら、もう一度上へ上へと撫でながら手指を這わせていく。=Savouring the sweet sensation of conquest, I slowly moved my hand upwards again while stroking her.
『…っ…っぅ……』=『...--! ...Uu....』
『でも最近は少しは落ち着いたよなー。やっぱ部長って立場のおかげかな？リノ』=『But she's calmed down a whole lot lately, I feel like. Is it cuz you're the club president now, Rino?』
男が話しかけたタイミングを狙って、尻肉の合間へと指を食い込ませ、パンツ越しにアナルを愛撫する。=Waiting for the moment he started speaking again, I dug my fingers into her asscrack, rubbing her anus from over her panties.
『んぁっ…あっ、うっ、うん！！』=『Nnah--... ah--, y--, yeah!!』
『顔、赤いぞ？照れてるのか？』=『You're going all red, you know? Are you blushing?』
『え、う、うん！タカ君がそういうこと言うから…』=『Eh? Y-Yeah! You always say stuff like that, Taka-kun...』
問答になっていないしどろもどろさに、可笑しさが込み上げる。=I had to hold in a laugh as she babbled out incoherent nonsense.
『そうそう、暁さんに色々"突き"合わされたといえば思い出した。こないだも…』=『Ah yes, on the topic of "keeping her company", just the other day...』
その言葉を口にした瞬間…=The moment I let those words out...
『タ、タカ君！行こ！！ほら、練習遅刻するし。私も着替えだけじゃなくて色々準備しなきゃだから！』=『T-Taka-kun! Let's go!! Look, we're getting late for practice. And I gotta do more than just get changed too!』
露骨に焦り始めた莉乃ちゃんを見やる。男の腕をとって今すぐにでも走り去りたそうだ。=I looked at her as she very obviously panicked. She looked like she was inches away from grabbing the guy's arm and running.
ひっつかんだ尻肉を擦り込むように揉みながら、男にバレないタイミングでその手を離す。=As I gave her ass one final rub and squeeze, I let go when the guy's attention was elsewhere.
『こないだってどしたんすか？』=『What happened the other day?』
『もういいから！！ほら、遅刻したらホント私怒るからね！？』=『It's fine, it doesn't matter!! C'mon, I'll really get mad if we actually get late, you know?!』
『うわっ。わーったって…』=『Uwah--, fine fine...』
慌てて、本当にそのまま連れて走り去ってしまった。当たり前だが、相当堪えたようだ。=Panicking, she really did run away while dragging him along. It's only natural, but it must have been hard on her.
気分はスッキリしていた。しかし、勃起もしてしまっている。=I felt a whole lot better after that. Hell, I was even packing a full chub.
ここまですれば莉乃ちゃんは何かアクションを起こすだろう。=She'll probably take some sort of action, now that I've gone that far.
前みたいに自らほいほいと、苦情を言いに来たら儲けものだ。=If she comes along to bitch and moan like last time, then it'll be even better.
そしてそれが今日中であれば尚いい。…楽しみだ。=And if she does it today? Jackpot. ...Now that was something to look forward to.
午前の仕事がすべて終わり、早めの昼休みにゆっくりと休憩をしていた。=Having already finished all my morning tasks, I was taking an early lunch break.
欠伸ついでに背伸びをしかけたが、戸口の方から聞こえたこちらへ向かってくる騒がしい音に動きを止める。=I stretched as I felt a yawn coming up, but stopped when I heard some noise from beyond the door.
一体……=Just what...
『お邪魔します』=『I'm coming in, excuse me.』
発せられた声に驚きながら振り向くと、莉乃ちゃんが立っていた。=As I turned around in surprise, I saw Rino-chan standing there.
『珍しいお客さんだなあ。部活は……っと、今はちょうど朝練が終わって休憩中ぐらいかなぁ…？』=『That's new, seeing you here. What about your clu... I guess you're taking a break after morning practice, huh...?』
まさかこうも面白いくらい挑発に乗ってくるとは。朝のことを思い出しながら、顔を見やる。=I never thought she'd get this ticked off. As I smiled while thinking back to earlier, I looked at her.
『ちょっと、今朝のこと。どういうつもりなの？』=『Hey. What was that about, in the morning?』
『なんのことかな？』=『I do wonder what you mean?』
『ふざけないで。っ…タ、タカ君がいるのに…私の…お尻を触ったりなんかして…っ！！！』=『Don't mess with me. ....T-Taka-kun was right there... and yet... you felt up my butt....!!!』
『ああ、丁度そこに手が行き当たってねぇ。悪かった、悪かった』=『Aah, my hand just found its way there somehow. My bad, my bad.』
『何が行き当たる、よ！思いっきり揉んでたじゃない！』=『Like I'd believe you! You were rubbing it with all your strength!』
『そうだったかな。いやぁ、揉みがいがあるよ。やっぱりいい体だねぇ』=『Was I now? Man~, that really was something. You really have such a fantastic body.』
『っ…！！…もう絶ッ対にしないで！』=『--...!! ...Never do that again!』
『ふぅ…まぁ、もうしないかな…多分。でも、ああでもしないと莉乃ちゃんはすぐ睨むし、黙らないし…』=『Fuh... well, I won't... probably. But you know, if I don't do that, you glare at me endlessly, and don't ever shut up...』
『何よ……』=『So what...』
『ついつい、昔話をぜーんぶ話してしまいそうでね』=『So you know, I might not be able to keep all those old stories to myself.』
『まぁまぁ、最初は本当に少しだけ、昔の莉乃ちゃんのことを彼氏君に教えてあげようと思っただけだよ』=『Relax, at first, I really just wanted to tell him a bit about how you used to be, Rino-chan.』
この部屋にやってきたことといい、狙い通りの反応といい、抑えるつもりでも勝手に顔がにやけてしまう。=Looking at her waltzing in like this, and reacting just like I wanted her to, I couldn't help the grin that slipped out.
『このあいだの事も話しかけたじゃない』=『But then you brought up what happened the other day too.』
『ああ、あれはちょっと口が滑りそうになっただけだよ。わざとじゃないんだけどなあ』=『Aah, that was just a little slip of the tongue. I didn't do it on purpose.』
『嘘言わないでよ！』=『Don't lie!』
『本当だよ。バラそうと思ったらいつでも言えるんだよ？それに、彼氏君も昔話に興味津々だったみたいだし…』=『It's true. I mean, if I wanted to, I could just tell him everything anytime, you know? Not to mention, he was very interested in those stories...』
『絶対言わないで。私だって好きでアンタのいうことを聞いてるわけじゃないんだし…』=『Don't tell him. I'm not doing all this and listening to you because I want to, you know...』
『へえ。こないだあれだけ手の内で気持ちよくなっておきながら、全部おじさんが悪者なのかい？』=『Hoh, even though you were loving it so much, now you're pushing all the blame onto me, huh?』
『…っ。そうじゃなくて、タカ君に変な話を吹き込まないで欲しいの。何も話して欲しくないの』=『...--! That's not it. I just want you to not tell him any weird stuff. I want you to not talk to him at all.』
『変な話って…？』=『"Weird stuff"...?』
どうしてもニタニタしてしまう。=I really couldn't help this grin either.
『おじさんはね、ただ莉乃ちゃんと昔みたいに仲良くしたいだけなんだよ。だから昔話がつい出ちゃったんだ』=『You see, uncle here just wants to be friendly and close to you again, Rino-chan. So I just couldn't help talking about the good old days.』
『私は仲良くなんてしたくない！』=『Well, I don't want to be friendly with you!』
『そうはいっても、今日も相変わらず男を誘うような体で、ひとり、男の部屋に入ってきてるじゃないか』=『You say that, but as usual, you walked into a man's room by yourself again, with that slutty, tempting body of yours.』
今朝したように、尻肉を揉む仕草をする手をわざと見せつけながら言葉を続ける。=I moved my hand in the motion of rubbing and squeezing her ass like I did this morning, as I talked.
『おじさん、期待してもいいんだよねえ？』=『So, should uncle start hoping for something here?』
『よくないわよ。体ばっかり見て…。私にはタカ君がいてアンタに期待してることなんか何もないんだから』=『As if. Always staring at nothing but my body... I have Taka-kun, so I've got nothing for you to start hoping about.』
無意識なのか咄嗟に身構えると、衣服の布が引っ張られて胸のサイズがくっきりと浮き出る。=As she unconsciously tensed up, the fabric around her chest went taut, showing off her heavy chest.
やはり俺好みの、俺のための体だ。否応なくそそられる。=It really was a body built for me, made to my own specs. I couldn't help but be aroused, even if I didn't want to.
『でも、それは莉乃ちゃんの考えだろう？おじさんは違うんだよ。またそんなに体を強調して見せて…』=『But Rino-chan, that's just what you think, no? It's different for me. Look at you showing off your curves like that...』
『無意識に男を誘惑するようなことをするなんて、一回抱いてやっただけじゃ満足できなかったかな？』=『Seducing men without even trying, was just the one time not enough for you?』
『気持ちの悪いことを言わないで！！ジロジロ見ないでよ。私は注意をしにきただけなの！』=『Don't say such disgusting things!! Stop staring at me. I just came here to warn you!』
『注意…？莉乃ちゃんがおじさんにかい？』=『A warning...? From you to me, Rino-chan?』
『そんなことが言える立場なのかな？彼氏君にはお預けにしてる体をおじさんに差し出して、よがっていたくせに』=『Do you think you're in a position to do something like that? Even though you didn't let your boyfriend have your body, and offered it up to me instead, and loved every second of it too.』
『…っ、そ、それは…』=『...T-That's....』
『また欲しくなって、言いがかりをつけておじさんの部屋に押し掛けたようにしか思えないなあ』=『I can only think that you couldn't help yourself, and so came barging in here with that as an excuse so that I'd do you.』
『それは違うって何度も否定してるじゃない…！！』=『I keep telling you, it's not like that...!!』
話すたびに揺れる髪や艶のいい肌を見ると、激しく犯したこの間を思い出して、イチモツが硬くなり始める。=Looking at the way her hair swayed around, or the way her glossy skin glistened in the sunlight, I couldn't help but get erect again.
『…話の分からない子だなぁ。頑固になったというか。そういうなら、彼氏君にもっと詳しく昔話をするしかないなあ』=『...Rebellious to the last, huh? You've become a lot more stubborn. In that case, you leave me with no choice but to tell your boyfriend every single thing.』
『どっ…どういう意味よ…？』=『Wha--... What do you mean...?』
『そのまんまの意味だよ。こないだのことでも構わないし、廊下で激しくおじさんの手でイった話でも構わない』=『Exactly what I said. I don't mind telling him about the other day, or even how you came from just my hand in the hallway, you know.』
『…そ、それは…ダ、ダメ……！』=『...N-No... a-anything but that....!』
『ダメじゃなくて、しないで欲しいってちゃんとお願いしないといけないだろう？』=『"No" isn't enough, don't you know you have to ask nicely, with a "please" too?』
『…くっ…』=『...kuh--....』
『お願いもできず反抗的な態度…。これじゃ仕方ないな。いつ彼氏君を呼び出すことにするかなぁ…』=『Oh, can't even do that, huh?... I suppose it is what it is then. Let's see, when should I call him in...』
『…し、しないで……ください…』=『...P-Please... don't...』
内心ほくそ笑む。ここまで来れば、なし崩しに思い通りに誘導するのは楽だ。=I couldn't help but chuckle internally. Now that she's like this, it'll be easy to slowly break her again.
『そうそう、最近は朝起きたらオナニーするのが日課でね』=『Ah right, recently, I've really started getting into the habit of rubbing one out every morning, you know?』
『っそ、そんな事わざわざ言わなくていいわよ…。それに何も話さないって約束し…』=『Y-You don't need to tell me that... Promise me you won't tell him any...』
『莉乃ちゃんと再会してからは、もっぱら莉乃ちゃんをズリネタに使ってるんだよ』=『Ever since we met again, I've been using you and only you as my fap material, you know.』
『っ……！』=『--...!』
『でね、おじさん、今朝はまだ抜いてなくてねえ。エロい莉乃ちゃんと今から”仲良く”したいんだ』=『So you see, I still haven't done it yet for today. So I want to be "friendly" with you and get along with you again, my erotic Rino-chan.』
『莉乃ちゃんのお願いを聞く代わりに、おじさんの要求も勿論聞けるだろう…？』=『In return for listening to your request, you'll listen to some of mine, right...?』
『聞けないなら聞けないで、おじさんが何をするか、頑固な莉乃ちゃんでも流石にわかっているよね…？』=『If you don't want to, you don't have to, but even a stubborn girl like you knows what I'll do, right....?』
『そうかそうか。分かっている、か。その沈黙は分かった上で了承したってことでいいのかな？』=『I see I see. So you understand, huh? Can I take that silence as you understanding and agreeing?』
『じゃあ、早速昔みたいに仲良くしようか。そうだな、まずはそのおっぱいで奉仕してくれるかな？』=『Well then, let's get along like we used to. Let's see, could you serve me with those breasts of yours, first thing?』
『そ…そんな……』=『T... That's....』
『ん？もう”仲違い”したいのかな…？』=『Nn? Is our friendship already "breaking apart"...?』
『っく…。ほ、本当に、今回だけだからね……！』=『--Kuh... J-Just, just this once...!』
『ともかく、ほら、早く仲良くしようか』=『Whatever, anyways come, let's get along.』
『あぁ…、やっぱり莉乃ちゃんのおっぱいは最高だよ…。柔らかくて、弾力があって…、挟み心地がたまらない…』=『Aah... your boobs really are just the best... they're so soft, so springy... and they feel wonderful to be between...』
『くっ…！わ、わざわざ言わなくてもいいわよ…。気持ち悪い…！』=『Kuh--...! Y-You don't need to go out of your way to say all that... Disgusting...!』
『文句言ってても乳首がビンビンに勃ってるよ。莉乃ちゃんも興奮しているのかな？』=『You're saying all that but don't think I don't see your erect nipples. Are you aroused too, Rino-chan?』
『そっ…！そんな……わけ……』=『T-...! That's... not...』
『そんなことはいいから、早くシゴいてくれないかな？チンポも待ちきれなくてビクついてるよ』=『It doesn't matter. Could you start wringing me out already? Look, it's twitching so much, it can't wait anymore.』
『分かったわよ……』=『Fine....』
『ふっ…、んんっ…はぁ…』=『Fuh--... nn... haah....』
『あぁ…これだよ…。成長してずっと気持ちよくなってる…。イヤラシイおっぱいだ…』=『Aah... this is it... they feel so much better now that you've grown up... what a lewd pair of tits...』
『はぁ…、あっ、ふぅ…んん…、だ、黙っててよ…。しゅ、集中できないでしょ…』=『Haah... ah--, fuuh... nnn... s-shut up... I-I can't focus like this...』
『分かった分かった。それじゃあこの極上のおっぱいを堪能させてもらうよ。しっかり奉仕してくれよ？』=『Fine, fine. I'll just focus on enjoying your top tier tits then. Serve me well, okay?』
『はぁ…はぁ…ぁ、はぁ…っ…ぁ…』=『Haah... haah... ah, haah... ah...』
『気持ちよかったよ、莉乃ちゃん。思った以上に溜まってて大量に出ちまって…。ははは、悪いねえ』=『That felt great, Rino-chan. Think I was a bit more bottled up than I thought... Hahaha, my bad, my bad.』
『…はぁ、はぁ…はぁ…ぁ…はぁ…』=『...Haah, haah... haah... ah... haah...』
『どうしたんだい？また、合間合間に喘ぎ声を我慢して…。素直にチンポと精子に興奮して喘いでいいんだよ？』=『What's wrong? I see you're trying to hold back your moans again... you don't need to, you know? Just be honest to yourself and enjoy it.』
『ち、違うの…。はぁ、はぁ、はぁ…ぁ…はぁ…っ』=『N-No, I... haah, haah, haah... ah... haah...』
『どうせまたチンポと精子のオスくさい匂いで股を濡らしておマンコが発情してるんだろう…？』=『I mean, your crotch is probably flooding again from the smell of my cock and semen, no...?』
『っ…！違うって言ってるじゃない…！はぁ、はぁ…ちょっと息が上がっちゃっただけなの…。はぁ、はぁ…んはぁ…』=『--...! I told you, I...! Haah, haah... I'm just a bit out of breath... haah, haah... nnhaah...』
『どれ、おじさんが確認してあげようか？また前みたいにたっぷりよがらせてスッキリさせてあげてもいいよ？』=『Let's see then, should uncle check for you? I don't mind helping you relieve all your pent up desires like last time, you know?』
『はぁ、はぁ…ヌ、ヌいたんだから今日はもういいでしょ』=『Haah, haah... I-I already wrung you out, so aren't you happy for today?』
『もういい？…奉仕の心が足りないなぁ。そんなぶっきらぼうな態度じゃなくて、誠心誠意尽くすのが奉仕だろう？』=『Am I happy, huh? ...Your heart's not in it, I see. Serving someone involves putting in your heart and soul too, no?』
『…っはぁ…はぁ…っ…だから…！』=『...Haah... haah... like I said...!』
『…ヌけばいいって単純な事じゃないんだよ。こんなんじゃ彼氏君に話してしまうしかないかなぁ…』=『...It's not as simple as just 'wringing' someone out. At this rate, I really will need to have that chat with your boyfriend...』
『は、話が違うじゃない！！』=『Y-You're going back on your word!!』
『そんなエロい体でメス顔を晒して…。ここで中断したら火照った体を持て余して歯止めが利かないだろう？』=『Look at you showing that body off with that slutty face... if we stop here, you're going to get so hot and bothered that you'll fall apart, no?』
『午後の部活で後輩に変に思われるんじゃないかな？』=『I do wonder how your clubmates will think of their beloved senpai when they see you like that.』
『はー…ふー…こ、これくらい我慢できるし…』=『Haah... fuuh... t-this much is nothing, I can easily endure...』
『ははは、なるほど。我慢してるってことはまだまだ欲求不満で、パイズリだけじゃ足りないって認めるんだね？』=『Hahaha, I see. So you admit that you're still not satisfied, right? And that that tittyfuck you just gave me wasn't enough?』
『そんなに物欲しそうな目をして…。この様子じゃおじさんがわざわざ彼氏君や誰かに話さなくても』=『Looking at me with such lusty eyes... if you're like this, I don't even need to talk to your boyfriend or anyone, do I?』
『とんでもないビッチだって自分からバラしてアピールしてるようなもんだろう』=『You're showing off to the entire world just how much of a bitch-in-heat you are yourself.』
『そんなんじゃ、っ、ないってば……はぁ、はぁ…』=『I'm--, not... haah, haah...』
『煽られたらゾクゾクするっておじさんは知ってるんだ。なんせ、莉乃ちゃんとは昔からとても仲がいいからね』=『I know just how much you feel it in your pussy when I tease you. After all, we've always been 'close'.』
『莉乃ちゃんを思って言ってるんだよ？もしバレたら、あの童貞君は幻滅して、他の女のところに行ってもおかしくない』=『I'm saying this with you in mind, you know? If you're caught, that virgin might just get disillusioned and go after another girl, you know?』
『……っ』=『....--』
『否定できないなんて悲しいねえ。でもおじさんはまだまだ元気でハメてあげられるから莉乃ちゃんはラッキーだね』=『How sad it is, that you can't deny that. But uncle here's still full of energy so you're in luck today, Rino-chan.』
『ラ、ラッキーなわけないじゃない！むしろサイアクよ…。シたくもないのに…アンタとなんて…！』=『I-I'm not lucky, at all! If anything, I'm the unluckiest I've been... I don't even want to do it... you the worst...!』
『ははは、今更じゃないか。それにそんな言い方をしていいのかな？莉乃ちゃんたちの仲を壊す事なんて、簡単にできるんだよ？』=『Hahahah, saying that at this point? Also, you sure you want to be taking that tone? I can easily destroy what you've built up, you know?』
『そ、それだけはやめてってば…！』=『N-No, please, that...!』
『だろう？一発ヤればお互いスッキリして終わり。彼氏ともいつもの調子で一緒に帰れる』=『Right? Just one round, and both of us will walk out of it refreshed. You'll be able to walk home with your boyfriend as usual.』
『それとも、今のだらしないスキモノの欲情した顔で会えるのかい？』=『Or do you want to go and meet him with that lusty and slutty look on your face?』
『………………』=『.....................』
『…っ、わ、わかった…。早く済ませてよ…』=『--! F-Fine... Just get it over with...』
『今日はそこまで口答えせずに大人しいねえ。おじさんとのセックスにまた味を占めちゃったのかな？』=『You sure are being docile for once today. Gotten a taste for sex with uncle again?』
『はぁ、はぁ…ち、違う…。アンタが脅すからじゃない…』=『Haah, haah... a-as if... you're threatening me into this...』
『脅すなんて人聞きの悪い。色好みな莉乃ちゃんのことだ、こうなって実は都合がいいんじゃないのかい？』=『Oh, you slander me. We're talking about a slut like you, so isn't this actually just perfect and convenient for you?』
『はぁ、はぁ…っ…はぁ…はぁ…』=『Haah, haah... haah... haah....』
『自分でも発情しきって、もう歯止めが利かないことは分かってるんだろう？』=『You're so horny, even you can tell that your body's in no state to stop at this point, no?』
『……はぁ、んんっ…はぁ…、はぁ…』=『....Haah, nnnn--... haah... haah....』
『ああ。口答え出来ないんじゃなくて、図星で何も言えないってだけかぁ…』=『Aah, I see. So it's not that you're not talking back, but rather I'm hitting the nail on the head to the point that there's nothing to talk back with, huh?...』
『タ、タカくんのため…仕方なく…っはぁ、はぁ…それだけ…だってば…。はぁ、はぁ…』=『I-I'm just doing this... for Taka-kun... haah, haah... because I have to... that's all... haah, haah....』
『肌を紅潮させて、割れ目から愛液を垂らしまくって言っても説得力がないねぇ』=『It's not all that convincing when you say things like that with flushed cheeks and a dripping pussy, you know.』
『はぁっ…はぁっ……い、言わないで…そういうこと…私だって好きでこんな体になってるんじゃないんだから』=『Haah--... haah--... d-don't say... that stuff... I'm not like this because I wanted to be, okay?』
『だから責任を取ってあげようっていってるんだよ。そうだ、脅しついでに昔みたいにねだってみようか？』=『That's why I'm saying that I'll take responsibility. Oh yeah, since I'm threatening you anyway, why don't you beg for it too, like you used to?』
『…っ…く、……』=『... Kuh...』
『自分の体も立場もよく分かってるんだろう？ほら、どうしたんだい？』=『You understand your body and your current position better than even me, no? C'mon, what's the holdup?』
『…はーはー…っ、おじさんのチンポ、…はぁ、はぁ…莉乃に…挿入[い/2]れて……』=『...Haahaaah.... uncle, put your... haah, haah... cock into... Rino...』
『はぁ…全く具体的じゃないし、心がこもってないなあ。ほら、昔はもっとちゃんとねだっていただろう？』=『Haah... so vague, and I don't feel even a bit of your heart in it. C'mon, you used to be able to do it properly back then.』
『それとも、非処女の淫乱女だって彼氏にバラされてゾクゾクする性癖にでも目覚めたのかな？』=『Or did you just awaken to a fetish where you get off on your boyfriend finding out that you're a non-virgin slut?』
『ちがっ……い、言うから…。っ…ふーふー…』=『No, I--... I-I'll say it.... fuuuh, fuuuh....』
『ふー、はー……り、莉乃のおマンコに…おじさんのチンポを…い、…挿入[い/2]れて…ください…っ……』=『Fuuh, haaah... p-please put your... cock into... R-Rino's... p-pussy... please.....』
『昔にあれだけ躾けてあげたんだ。もっと具体的に、スケベにねだれるよねえ？』=『I trained you up so well in the past. You can be even more specific and lewd, no?』
『はぁ、はぁ…くっ…っ…莉乃の…グショグショに濡れた…淫乱マンコに…おじさんの…硬い勃起チンポを……はぁはぁ…』=『Haah, haah... kuh--... uncle... please put your... rock hard cock... inside... Rino's sopping wet... haah, haah...』
『チンポを、なんだい…？発情マンコで誘いながら最後までちゃんとねだらないとなあ』=『Sopping wet what...? You gotta beg for it all the way, using that sopping wet pussy of yours to tempt me in.』
『はーはー…莉乃の…グショグショに濡れた淫乱マンコに…おじさんの…硬い勃起チンポを…ね、根元まで…』=『Haah, haah.... please put your... rock hard cock... all the way inside... my sopping wet... s-slutty pussy....』
『挿入[い/2]れて…ハメ汁飛び散るほど…か、掻き回して…突き壊して…っ…欲しい、です…。…はぁ、はぁ…』=『Put it in and... s-stir it up... s-so much so that my juices... splash out... and I break, please... haah... haah....』
『よくできました、でも…少し惜しいなぁ。”奥まで一気に”が好きなんだろう？。こんな風にっ…』=『Good girl. But... it's a bit disappointing. You actually prefer it when I push it in all the way in one go, no? Like this--...』
『っん、ぁあああっ…！！！！』=『Nn, aaaaaah--...!!!!!』
『はー…はー…っ、はー…、あっ…はー…はー…っ、んっ……はー…、ぁ…はぁ……はぁ…』=『Haah... haah... haah... ah--... haah... haah... nn--... haah... ah... haah... haah..』
『ド派手にイク女だなぁ…。躾けた時点で頭打ちかと思ったら、まだまだドスケベになっていくねえ』=『You sure cum real hard... I thought you'd plateaued out after I trained you but, to think there was still a bigger slut hiding inside you.』
『はぁ…はぁ…ん…はぁ…はー……はぁー…ふぅ…はー…はー…』=『Haah... haah... nn... haah... haah... haah... fuuh... haah... haah...』
『何もわからない…。気持ちよすぎて…感じ過ぎて…言われてることに…頭が追いついてない……。』=『My head's not working... it felt too good... my body feels too good... I can't understand... a word of what he's saying...』
『脅されてるのを盾にして、莉乃ちゃんも存分に楽しんでるじゃないか』=『You're just using my "threats" as a shield to enjoy your heart out.』
『はー…はー…っ、はー…、はー…はー…っ、はー…、ぁ…はぁ…はぁ…』=『Haah... haah... haah... haah... haah... haah... ah... haah... haah...』
『…私…楽しんでる…の…？タカ君とじゃなくて…こんな奴と……？』=『...I'm... enjoying... it? Not with Taka-kun... but with a man like him...?』
『ぐうの音もでないか。ははは…しかし、こんな体でよく今までまともに学生生活を送ってこれたなぁ』=『Can't even get a word out, huh? Hahahah... still, I'm surprised you managed to lead a normal student life with a body like that.』
『はぁ…はぁ…ん…はぁ…はー……はぁー…ふぅ…はー…はー…タカ君がいる…っから…っ…』=『Haah... haah... nn... haah... haah... haaah... fuuh... haah... haah... because I have... Taka-kun...』
『…やっと、言えたのが…これだけ……なんて…。……でも…こんなんじゃ…否定できない…。』=『...In the end, after all that... that's all... I could get out... But it's... that's not... a denial...』
『心がけ”だけ”が立派で、体が伴ってないねえ。それともタカ君はオナニーのオカズって意味かな？』=『That's a great attitude towards your boyfriend, but your body's not really following it. Or are you saying you coped until now by masturbating to him?』
『…はぁ…はぁ…っ………はぁ…はぁ…』=『...Haah... haah... haah... haah...』
『まだ、中が…ヒクついてて…熱くて…気持ちいい……。悔しいけど……どこかすごく冷静になってきてる…。』=『I'm still... twitching, inside... so hot... so nice... I don't want to admit this... but part of me's calming down after that...』
『実際はこうやって、おじさんのチンポを昔同様に貪って鎮めているんだもんなあ』=『After all, you devoured this uncle's cock exactly how you used to, to appease your body.』
『…ふぅ、はぁ……はぁ……はぁ…………』=『...Fuuh, haah... haah... haah....』
『でも…別に…こいつが好きなわけじゃない……。堕ちてなんか…いない…。だから…今は……』=『But... it's not like... I like this guy or anything... I haven't fallen... for him... so... I'll just...』
『こいつに…言わせたいだけ…そう、言わせるだけ言わせておけば…バラされないで…バレないで済む…。』=『let him... keep on talking... yes, just let him keep saying whatever he wants... as long as we don't get caught... it'll be fine...』
『おじさんが莉乃ちゃんのとんでもない性欲を抑えてあげてるんだ。それはわかったかな…？』=『Uncle here's doing you a big favour by helping you appease that lust of yours. Do you understand it now...?』
『…はぁ…はぁ…っ……はぁ…はぁ…はぁ…』=『...Haah... haah.... haah... haah... haah...』
『また”暗黙の了解”かな？そんな体にした責任は取ってあげるから、抑えられなくなったらいつでも歓迎するよ？』=『Another "tacit agreement", is it? I'll take responsibility for making you like that, so feel free to come to me anytime, okay?』
『…ふぅ、はぁ……はぁ……はぁ……ふー…はぁ…はー…はー……』=『...Fuuh, haah... haah... haah.... fuuh... haah... haah... haah...』
『タカくん、ゴメン…。でも今は…今だけは…本当に…こうするしかないの……。』=『Taka-kun, I'm sorry... But for now... just for now... I have no choice... but to do this...』
『いつも通りに部活が終わって…またいつも通りの自主トレ…。』=『Another day of club activities... another day of post-club self-training...』
『今日は外周を走ったけど…結構疲れちゃった。』=『To that end, I ran around the school building today... so I'm pretty tired out.』
『でも、これでタカ君との部活の終わる時間が合うから一緒に帰れるんだよね。』=『But thanks to that, I'm done with club activities at the same time as Taka-kun, so we can walk home together.』
『だから、疲れより嬉しさの方が上回ってる。』=『So my happiness is beating out all the fatigue.』
『ふぅっ…』=『Fuuh--...』
『ここ最近、私が居残りっていうのが当たり前になっちゃってるな……誰もいない。』=『It's becoming pretty normal for me to stay behind late at school these days... there's nobody here.』
『先生も部員も帰って随分になる…。私だけ……こんなところにいて……。』=『Both the advisor and the other club members already left long ago... I'm the only one... still here...』
『…誰も来ない。』=『...There's nobody.』
『……誰も来ないはずなのに、この前は…私ひとりじゃなかった…。』=『...Even though there's nobody, the other day... there was someone else...』
『確かこんな時間に…突然、あいつが入ってきて………。』=『It was at around this time... that he just, barged in....』
『私をリボンで縛り上げて……。』=『And tied me up with a ribbon...』
『っ…………』=『--.....』
『あんなものを…挿入[い/2]れられた上に………。』=『And not only did he... put that thing in me....』
『体中いじくり回されて…最後に………。』=『He played with my entire body too... and at the end...』
『っ…はぁっ……っ……』=『--... haah--....--』
『…、おマンコに……昔みたいに、って……。』=『...He did it, in my pussy... just like the, old days...』
『っはぁ、…はぁ…っ……ん…』=『Haah... haah.... nnn...』
『イヤだ…ぞっとする。思い出したくもない………。』=『No... so repulsive. I don't even want to remember those days...』
『なのに………。』=『And yet...』
『どうして体がムズムズして……火照るの…？』=『Why is my body, so restless... so hot and, bothered...?』
『おかしい…。昨日の夜も今朝も…自分でシたはずなのに…濡れてきちゃってる……。』=『It shouldn't be like this... I already did it by myself... this morning and last night... so why am I wet...』
『はぁ、…っぁ……』=『Haah... ah...』
『なんっ…で……っあっ…んっ…』=『Wh--... yy.... ah... nnn....』
『シなくちゃ……きっとシミが出来ちゃってる……。』=『I gotta do it... I bet it's even soaking into my panties...』
『あっ…っ…んんっ…っは…っぁ…あっ…』=『Ah--... nnnn--... hah... ah... ah--....』
『よりによってあの時の事を思い出してするなんて……。私…どうしちゃったんだろう…。』=『To think I'm doing it while thinking back to that, of all things... what is... even up with me...』
『…もうクリが完全に勃起[た/2]っちゃって…ぬめって……指先で引っ掻くと……気持ちい、い………っ。』=『....My clit's already so erect... so slippery... it feels so... good, when I scratch it....』
『欲しい。……ううん、あいつのじゃない……。おマンコに好きな人の…タカ君のモノが欲しい……。』=『I want it. ....No, not his... I want the thing of the person I love... my Taka-kun's thing, in my pussy...』
『はっはっ…あぅ、んっ…』=『Hah--, hah--... auu, nnn--....』
『タカくんのチンポ…思い出せない…？……ううん、違う。見たことがないんだ…私。自分の好きな人の………。』=『I can't remember... Taka-kun's cock...? ....No, that's not it. I haven't even seen it. ...I haven't seen, the cock of the man I love.......』
『こうやって弄ってると…思い出すのは………あんな奴の……。』=『The only one I can remember... when I do this... is his...』
『んっ、あっ、ああっ…あっ………』=『Nn--, ah--, aaaah--... ah--....』
『乱暴に掻き混ぜられて、イきそうになる度に潮を噴いちゃって……。ダメ…我慢できない…っ…。』=『Churning me up so roughly, making me squirt whenever I came... No... I can't take it...--...』
『っ！んっ…あっ、っゃ…あぅっ…！はぁはぁ…やっ、あっ…はぁ、んんっ…』=『--! Nn--...ah--, no... auuu--...! Haahaaah... yah--, ah--... haah, nnnn--....』
『膣内[なか/2]を触りたい…あいつにされたみたいに…手荒でもいい。…ここで思いっきりイっちゃいたい……っ…。』=『I want to touch it inside... just like he did... even if it's rough. ...I just want to cum hard, right here and now....』
『あっ、ダメ…イ…っぅ…んんっ…あっ、あっ、んあ…はぁ、はぁ…。』=『Ah--, no... cu... mm.... nnnn--... ah--, ah--, nnah... haah, haah...』
『誰も来ないからって、こんなところで、ひとりで…おマンコ触っちゃって…興奮しちゃってる……。』=『Just because nobody's here... I'm touching myself... my pussy, in a place like this...』
『布を食い込ませて、指に汁を絡めて…押さえ付けながらクリのほうにこすりあげたら…勝手に奥がヒクついて…。』=『Pushing my fingers in, getting some juice on my fingers... holding down my clit and rubbing the juice into it... I can feel my core twitching....』
『トロットロでおチンポを咥えたがってるのが分かる…。イきたいけど…まだ味わってたい…。もっともっと…。』=『I can tell just how hungry my pussy is for a cock... I want to cum but... I want to savour this more... more, more....』
『指で…クリを挟むように…。』=『Pinch it... with my fingers....』
『ん"っ…あっ…あっ…』=『Nngh... ah--... ah--....』
『ああ…シゴいてると頭がどんどん蕩けそうになる…。ゆっくり真っ白になって……気持ちいい…。』=『Aah... my brain keeps melting... it's going blank... feels so good...』
『もっと…奥…欲しいの……っんっ…っは、あっ…あっ、んあっ！あっ！』=『I want... it... deeper.... nn--... hah, aah--... ah--, nnah--! Ah--!』
『はあ、はあ、あっ、いいっ……んっ、はぁ、あっ…う、んっ…あっ…』=『Haah, haah, ah--, so good... nn--, haah, ah--... uu, nnn--... ah--....』
『愛液が…太ももまで垂れちゃう…。掬ってるのに…どんどん溢れて…止まらない……。もっとおマンコに……。』=『My love juice is... dripping down my thighs... the more I scoop up... the harder it overflows out... it won't stop... I want more...』
『はぁ、ああっ…！！』=『Haah, aaah--...!!』
『おっ…なんだ？見に来てみたら…』=『Oh--?... What? I thought I'd come take a look but...』
『きゃっ…え、やっ！！！』=『Kyah--... eh, yaah--!!!』
『取り込み中に悪いねえ…』=『Didn't really mean to interrupt you...』
『え、え…？！』=『Eh, eh...!?』
『はぁっはぁっ…な、なんで…っ…』=『Haah--, haah--... w-why...』
『はは、いいぞ、続けて。相変わらず淫乱ではしたない女だな』=『Hahah, it's fine, keep going. Good to see you're as horny a slut as ever.』
『な、なんでここにいるのよっ…！』=『W-Why are you in here--...!?』
『他の部員が結構前に帰ってるのを見てなあ。莉乃ちゃんの彼氏気取りもまだ部活をやってるようだから』=『Well, I saw your other clubmates leaving quite a while ago. And your boyfriend or whatever you wanna pretend he is is still busy with his club,』
『まだ残っているとは思っていたけど…、まさか”こういう”居残りとは…』=『So I thought I'd come and check since I thought you might still be here but... I didn't think this is what you'd be up to...』
『ちょっ、で、出てってよ！』=『Hey--, g-get out!』
『毎日熱心にひとりで練習してるのは知っていたがまさかそれがオナニーだとは思ってもいなかったよ』=『I knew you did some diligent 'self-training' daily but even I never expected that it was just an excuse to masturbate.』
『ち、違…』=『I-It's not like...』
『違わないだろう。彼氏と”まとも”ぶって帰る前に１人で慰めてるのか？』=『Isn't it though? Tell me, were you doing it so that you could pretend to be "normal" in front of your boyfriend?』
『い、いつもはちゃんと練習してるの！さっきだって外周を走って…』=『N-Normally it is just regular training! I even did a few laps around the school just then...』
『走ってから毎日オナニーか？すごいなあ。頑張り屋の莉乃ちゃんがもっと満足できるように手伝ってあげるよ』=『So is that it? A few laps and then a wank on the daily? That's amazing. A hard worker like you deserves a reward, I'll lend you a hand.』
『手伝うって…』=『What do you mean lend a...』
『何度かシてやってるだろう？丁度そっちの準備運動ももう済んでいるようだし…』=『Haven't you experienced it a bunch already? It's just as well, since you already did some warm ups down there...』
『おじさんも最近元気でねえ。すぐにその欲求不満のメスマンコにガチガチの肉棒をみっちりハメこんで』=『I've been feeling pretty high on life lately too, you know? So I'm gonna stick my rock hard cock into that frustrated bitch pussy of yours and,』
『充血してるマン肉を擦り上げて、子宮口を突き上げて莉乃ちゃんが満足するまで何度でもピストンして…』=『Grind it against your thick, fleshy folds, and pound your womb again and again until you're satisfied, and...』
『はぁ、はぁ…っ…』=『Haah, haah...』
『どこに出すかは莉乃ちゃん次第にしてあげようかなぁ。それともおじさんが決めてもいいのかな？』=『I guess I don't mind leaving where I finish to you. Or do you want me to decide?』
『でも、そんなことしたら…はぁ、はぁ…』=『But, if you do that, I... haah, haah...』
『そんなことしたら…？興奮で止まらなくなって自分から腰を振り出すって？』=『If I do that, you...? will get so horny that you'll start slamming your hips down on me on your own?』
『っ…そ、そんなこと言ってないじゃない…。はぁ、はぁ…っは、ぁ、はぁ…』=『--... I-I didn't say that, did I... haah, haah... hah, ah, haah...』
『その割には、聞いただけでメスらしい惚けた声に変わってる自覚はあるのかな？』=『You say that, but I hope you know just how much your voice turned into that of a silly slutty bitch there.』
『っ…ふー…っふー…』=『...Fuuh... fuuh....』
『どこでも好きな場所をおじさんの精子まみれにしてあげるよ』=『Just say the word, and I'll cover you in my sperm wherever you want.』
『それまでたっぷり淫肉を掻き混ぜて、こねくり回して…発情穴から本気汁を噴かせていくらでも絶頂させてあげるからね』=『And until then, I'll churn up your slutty folds lots... and make you squirt and orgasm with your slutty hole as many times as you want.』
『あ…あぁ…、…っはぁ…はぁ…』=『Ah... aaah... haah... haah...』
『言っただろう？抑えきれなくなったら歓迎するって』=『I told you, didn't I? If you can't take it anymore, feel free to come to me anytime.』
『……イヤなのに、…抗い切れなくなってきてる…。また、いいように…体を差し出して……。』=『...Even though I hate it... I can feel my own resistance disappearing... I'm going to... become his puppet again...』
『スパッツがもうぐちょぐちょでえらいことになってるじゃないか』=『Look at you. Your shorts are already such a soppy wet mess.』
『…好きにされたいなんて思っちゃった。こんなのは私じゃないの…。でも…確かに…私の体が…モノを欲しがってる…。』=『...Just now, part of me wanted him to have his way with me. It's not me, it's not... But... my body is... definitely... craving his thing...』
『莉乃ちゃんもどこか期待してたんだろう？じゃなきゃ、そんな風にはならんだろうからなあ』=『You must be hoping for it yourself, no? If not, you really wouldn't be gushing that much.』
『っふー…っふー……っふー…っふー…はぁ、っ…はぁ…期待なんか…』=『Fuuh... fuuh... fuuh... fuuuh... haah... haah... I am not...』
『…本当にしてない…？…わからない。子宮が…疼いて…このまま、委ねて…思いっきり………。』=『...Am I really not...? ...I don't know. My womb is... throbbing so much... I could just, let go and... let him fuck me ha...』
『おーい、リノー！！』=『Oi, Rino-!!』
『っ！！！』=『--!!!!』
『タっ、タカくん……？！ダメ！！！シない！ここまで！！』=『T--, Taka-kun...?! No!! I'm not and I won't!! No more of this!!』
『タカ君が呼んでる、どこ？…外だ。どこ…？』=『Taka-kun's calling my name. Where is he? ...He's outside. Where...?』
『ッチ…』=『Tsk...』
『おーい、リノー！まだ残ってるんだろ！？』=『Ooi, Rino! You're still there, no!?』
『タカ君！！っ、いるよー！！』=『Taka-kun--!! I-I'm here--!!』
『お、リノ！！やっぱり残ってたか。よかったー』=『Oh, Rino!! You really are still here. Great~』
『わ、私がタカ君を置いて帰るわけないじゃん！自主トレしてたの』=『D-Do you really think I'd just walk home by myself?-! I was doing self-training.』
『リノはすごいなあ！俺今終わったところだよ。今日、自主トレ何してたんだ？』=『You're so amazing! I just got done with my club. What did you do for self-training today?』
『えっと、外周走ってたの。最近、ずっと室内で基礎とストレッチばっかりだったから』=『Erhm, I ran around the school building. Since we've been doing nothing but the basics and stretching indoors lately.』
『そっか、何周？』=『Makes sense. How many laps?』
『２周ずつ様子見て…そうだな、３セットしたから…６周かな』=『Two per and then a breather... and I did 3 of those so... 6, I guess.』
『うお、１人で自主６周？すごくね？』=『Uwoh, 6 laps all by yourself? Ain't that insane?』
『ゆっくり、だけどね』=『I went slow, but yeah.』
『マンコを濡らしたまま尻を突き出して、おじさんを誘っているのかな…？』=『Look at you sticking your ass out like that with a pussy that wet. Are you trying to seduce uncle here...?』
『ちょっと、何するのっ…！』=『Hey, what are you...!』
『…ん、どしたー？』=『...Nn, what's up?』
『な、なんでもないよー。そ、そっちは今日の練習どうだった？』=『N-Nothing. H-How was your practice today?』
『ご、誤魔化さなきゃ…っ…。』=『I-I gotta play it off--....』
『あー今日なー』=『Ah, today we--』
『押し付けただけで、スパッツ越しにマンコがぱっくり開いてチンポを咥えたがってるのがわかるよ？』=『I'm just barely grazing it, and even through your shorts, your pussy's gaping open trying to lure me in, you know?』
『や、やめてってば…！…んっ…！』=『S-Stop it...! ...Nn--...!』
『キーパーさ、いっつも強いのに、脇が甘くってさーゴール、ガンガン許してやんの』=『Even though their keeper's a tough nut, today he let his guard down, and we scored a whole bunch of goals.』
『うんっ…そ、それで…？』=『Huh-... A-And then...?』
『ともかく、知られないように話を続けて…キリのいいところで止めなくちゃ…。』=『Anyway, I need to keep talking and pretend that I don't feel anything... and then stop him when I get the chance...』
『どれだけオナってたんだ？マン汁がべっとり広がって上からおマンコの形が丸わかりになってるぞ？』=『Just how much did you even wank? The entire thing's soaked in your pussy juice, it's even clinging to the shape of your pussy, you know?』
『っ…や…っあ…っ』=『...Yah... ah...』
『熱い…。軽く当てられただけで…気持ちよくて脚が震えそうになってる…。』=『So hot... it's only grazing me and yet... it feels so good, my legs are going to give in...』
『リノ、なんかしてる？』=『Rino, is something up in there?』
『何もしてないよ。っ…タカ君の話聞いてる、だけっ…』=『Nothing at all. ...I'm just listening to you, that's all--...』
『絶対バレちゃ…ダメ…っ……！』=『He's going to notice... no...!』
『リノ、もう帰るよな？それともまだ着替えとかで掛かりそう？』=『Rino, you ready to go home? Or are you gonna get changed and stuff first?』
『バレちゃダメ、なのに……、これ…欲しい…、欲しい…！って、ち、違う…そうだ、タカくん…、えっと…何だっけ…。』=『Even though I can't, let him notice... I want... this... I want it so bad...! N-No... right, Taka-kun... erhm... what did he...』
『えっと…んっ…あー…っ…』=『Erhm... nnn... aah...』
『愛液でテカらせてやらしく誘いやがって…。彼氏と話したままハメてもいいってことか？』=『Look at it glistening with love juice, just luring me in... Is it your way of telling me to just go in while you're having a chat with your boyfriend?』
「おーおー…、ぴっちりしたスパッツを脱がせてみたら思ってた以上にグチョグチョだ。糸もこんなに引いて…」=[Oooooh... it's even wetter under the damn shorts, you're basically flooding here. I can pull it into strings, look...』
『あっ、やめっ…』=『Ah--, sto--...』
『リノ？』=『Rino?』
『まずい…私…えっと…。』=『This is bad... I... erhm....』
『も、もうちょっとかかる、かな、うん！』=『Y-Yeah, I'm gonna be a little while, yeah!』
『や、やめてってば…』=『S-Stop it...』
『あんまり気が散ってると彼氏君にバレるんじゃないか？』=『You sure you wanna look away for this long? He's gonna notice, no?』
『…思った通り、先っぽで軽く刺激しただけで膣がヒクつきながら濃い涎を垂らして…』=『...I knew it, just this little bit and your pussy's already twitching and gushing...』
『ダメ…これじゃ、挿入[はい/2]っちゃう…。』=『No... at this rate, he's gonna put it in...』
『そ、それ以上当てちゃ、あっ…、あぁっ…ん、っ…ダメっ…！！っ…』=『D-Don't rub it, ah--... aah--... nn--... any--... more--...!!』
『え？ダメって何が？』=『Eh? More what?』
『……！！？』=『.......!!?』
『えっと、ダ、ダメだねーって、そのっ……えっと…キーパーの、子…？ちょ、調子悪かったんだね』=『Erhm, h-he needs to put more work in, erhm... uhm... that keeper, you know...? G-Guess he had a bad day, huh?』
『おう。リノも知ってる矢島ってヤツだけどさー』=『Yeah. You know him too, Satou. You remember?』
『っは、ぁ…も…ぅ…、ん…っぁ…』=『Hah, ah... je... eez... nnn... ah...』
『やだ、全然…動けない…。下手に動いたら…余計擦れて…。でも…私…感じちゃってる…。こんな状況なのに…。』=『Gosh, I can't... move at all... even when I try... it just rubs in more... But... I'm... enjoying this... even though things are like this....』
『これだけ濡らしておいて、入り口をいじり続けるだけじゃじれったいだけだろう？そろそろ行くぞ？』=『Isn't it tantalizing, to have me keep teasing you like this even though you're already so wet? Here I come, alright?』
『っ…う、ぁ、何し…やっ、嘘でしょっ…？』=『....Uu, ah, what are... no--, you're joking--...!』
『揃いも揃って興奮させやがって…！』=『I swear, this body's built to seduce me specifically...!』
『や、本当に…、挿入[はい/2]っ…。』=『No, he's really... putting--...』
『っ～～～！！！！』=『--~~~!!!!!!』
『っふ、…っ…っ……っふ…っ…』=『Fuh... --!.... --! ....Fuh...』
『リノ？さっきから…なんか、大丈夫か？俺、やっぱすげー気になるんだけど…』=『Rino? For a while, you've been... kinda like, are you okay? I'm really worried now...』
『ごっ…ごめん、ちょっと考え事っ…し、てて…えっと…なんかその…っ…っ…』=『S--... Sorry, just something on my... m-mind... erhm... it's uhm...--!』
『大丈夫っ…だから、でもその…さっき後輩が…も、戻ってきて…相談あるらしくって…』=『I'm fine--... so, but uhm... a junior just... c-came back... seems like she wants to talk...』
『そうなのか？』=『Really?』
『う、うん。ちょっと悪いけど…っ…っ…さ、先に帰る準備、して…もらえないかな…っ？』=『Y-Yeah, sorry but... C-Can you go ahead, and... wait for me by the gate...?』
『俺は構わないけど…大丈夫？』=『I don't mind but... you okay?』
『う、うん…、ほんと、大丈夫だからっ…。ご、ごめんね…』=『Y-Yeah... I really am, fine so--... s-sorry...』
『おう。じゃあ、準備できたら校門で待ってるよ！時間かかっても大丈夫だからさ』=『Alright. I'll be waiting at the gate then! Feel free to take your time.』
『ん、んっぅん。あ、ありがとうっ…』=『N-Nnnn. T-Thanks--...』
『莉乃ちゃんは他の男のチンポを咥えながらでも彼氏君と話せるんだねえ…』=『So you can still chat with your boyfriend while taking a cock in from behind, huh?...』
『っ…！なんてことするのよっ…！はぁっはぁっ…』=『--...! The heck were you thinking--...! Haah--, haah--...』
『しかも目の前でハメられながらイクのも平気ときた』=『And cumming in front of him while being fucked, at that.』
『だって…話しでもしないと絶対バレちゃうじゃない…！それにイキたくてイったわけじゃ…！はぁ、はぁっ…』=『What was I supposed to do... if I didn't keep the chat going, he'd have found out...! And it's not like I came because I wanted to...! Haah, haah--...』
『イキたてマンコをヒクつかせながら、そんなことを言われてもなぁ…』=『It's not very convincing when you say that with your pussy still twitching like that, you know...』
『はーはー…わ、私はシてだなんて言ってないのに…！ていうか、普通、あんな状況でなんて…頭おかしいんじゃないの？』=『Haahaah... I-I never told you to do that...! Heck, who does that, in a situation like that... there's really something wrong with your head.』
『彼氏君の前で、ケツを男に突き出してイッてた淫乱[ビッチ/2]がシて欲しくないって？』=『A bitch like you, who stuck out her ass right up in my face while talking with your boyfriend, saying that you weren't asking for it, huh?』
『っ…勝手に最後までシたのはアンタじゃない…！ふう、んん…、このままじゃバレちゃうから…帰ってもらっただけ……』=『--!... You're the one who went all the way...! Fuuh, nnn... we were going to get caught at that rate... that's why I had to make him leave...』
『じゃあ、バレなきゃヤっていいってことでいいのかな？』=『So, does that mean that you'd have been fine with it, if there was no risk?』
『そ、そういうことじゃ…っ…ないっ…てば……』=『I-I didn't... say... that...』
『へえ…じゃあなんで今、自分から腰を振ってチンポに尻を押し当ててるのかな？』=『Hoh... then why is it that your butt's rubbing into my cock right now?』
『そ、…そんなこと…っはぁ、はぁっ…ない…っはー…はぁ、はぁ…』=『I... It is... haah, haah--.. not.... haah... haah, haah...』
『そうかそうか。じゃあこれでもう止めて終わってもいいのかい？』=『That so, huh? Then I suppose this is my cue to leave, huh?』
『やめてほしくないようだね。じゃぁ、このままここで続きをはじめようか』=『Seems like you don't want me to. Let's keep going then, just like this.』
『え、ここで･･･！？』=『Eh--, right here...?!』
『やっ、イヤよ。なんでこんな外から見えるところで…。せめて奥で…』=『No--, no way. Why in such an exposed place... at least do it inside...』
『今さっきもシてたじゃないか』=『We literally just did it, just like this.』
『それは…アンタが、タカ君がいるのに、無理やり…』=『That's... because you, forced it in, while Taka-kun was here...』
『それでイったのは誰だったかなぁ？』=『And who was the one that came from that?』
『っ…で、でも、もうこんなところでシたくないの…』=『--! ...B-But, I don't want to do it here like this, anymore...』
『自分から尻を擦り付けて挑発しておいて、今更どこがいいどこが駄目もないだろう？ほら、挿入[い/2]れるぞ』=『You're the one who started grinding her ass against me yourself, what's the point of moaning about it anymore? C'mon, I'm putting it in.』
『んぁっ…だ、だから…っ誰かに見られるなんて嫌なの』=『Nnah--... I-I told you... I don't want someone to see us do this.』
『見られながらイったくせに…』=『Even though you came while being watched just a few minutes ago...』
『あんっ、っ…こ、ここじゃ…だ…ダメだってばっ…ぁ、』=『Ahn--... n-not... he... not here--... ah』
『ああもう、メンドクサイ女だ。変に抵抗するなよ』=『Ah for fuck's sake, shut up you bitch. Stop trying to put up a fight.』
『やっ、やめっ…離し…あっ…』=『Yah--, sto--... let me go... ah--...』
『…やっ、ちょっと…何するの…っ？！やだっ…！！』=『...Yah--, hey... what are you...--?! No, stop--...!!』
『邪魔な手はこうでもするしかないだろう。丁度いいものがまたあったしな』=『What choice did you really leave me? Plus, you had the perfect thing lying around to tie you up with again.』
『やっ…お、お願い…。こんなところ、誰か通ったら…。部屋の奥でだったら、いくらでもしていいから…っ』=『Yah--... p-please... if someone, passes by.... you can do me as much as you want, inside...』
『へえ、いくらでもねえ…。そんなにサカってるならここででも大して変わらないだろう？』=『Hoh, as much as I want, huh.... If you're that in heat, does it really make that much of a difference whether it's here or there?』
『それに彼氏くんもいないし、もう誤魔化しもいらない。大っぴらにシようじゃないか。好きなだけ喘いでいいんだぞ』=『Not to mention, your boyfriend's gone too, so there's no need to hide it either. So why not do it openly? Feel free to moan as much as you want.』
『そ、そんなの…んっ、ぁっ…タカくんがいなくても他の人にバレちゃう…。…っはぁ…んっ、っぁ……私たちのセックス、見られちゃう…！』=『T-That's... nn--, ah--... even if Taka-kun's not here, other people might pass through... haah... nn--, ah.... they'll see us, having sex...!』
『想像して興奮してるのか？はは、とんだ痴女だな』=『Are you getting horny just imagining it? Haha, look at this slut.』
『それなら尚更…』=『That's all the more reason to...』
『やっ…ぁっ…んぁっ…ダメだっ、って…！』=『Yah--... ah--... nnah--... no, sto...!』
『彼氏にはお預けにしたまま、よその男のチンポでよがりまくる浮気マンコを皆に見てもらわんとなぁ！』=『We gotta show off this cheating whore who's letting some other guy rail her while saying no to her boyfriend, and her pussy, to the whole world, after all!』
『っんぁああぁっ！！！』=『Nnnaaaaaaaaah--!!!』
『…なんだ、膣内[ナカ/2]が痙攣してるぞ。挿入だけでまたイったのか？』=『...You're spasming inside, you know. What, did you cum just from me putting it in?』
『っぁ…んあ、ぁ…っぁ…んあ…ああぁ…』=『Ah... nnah, ah... ah... nnah... aah...』
『誰かに見られたら、露出癖がある上に、ひと突き程度で絶頂するチョロいメス穴の持ち主ってバレちゃうねえ』=『If someone saw you right now, not only would they see just how much of an exhibitionist slut you are, but also that your hole's so weak that it breaks down from just a single thrust.』
『っぁ、っは、あっ、ぁあっ…ひあっ、んぅ…っは、あっ…あ…っ……』=『Ah, hah, ah--, aaah--... hyah--, nnn... hah, ah--... ah...』
『っ、んはー…っぁ…はー…っ、っはー…ん…はーっ…』=『Nnhaah... ah... haah... haah... nnn... haah...』
『…ものすごく……気持ちよく…なり始めて……』=『...It's starting... to feel... really amazing....』
『はぁ…っ…んあっ、…はー…ぁふ…はぁ…っ、っはー……ぁ…ぅ…』=『Haah... nnah... haah... afuh... haah... haah... aah... uu....』
『記憶が一瞬途切れてるぐらい…絶頂するたびに…快感が増して、大きくなってる……。』=『The pleasure's going up, really high... with every orgasm, so much so... it interrupts my memories...』
『ふー…ぁう…っ…はふ…っはー…ん、…はー…っはー…ふ、…はぁー…はー…』=『Fuh... auu... hafuh... haah... nn... haah... haah... fuh... haah... haah...』
『何度頭でダメって思っても…昔に…戻りたくないっていくら思っても…』=『No matter how much I tell myself not to... no matter how much... I hate the idea of going back...』
『はぁ…っはー…っあ、…ぅ、ん…はー…っはぁ…はー…ふー…っ…ふあ…っはー…』=『Haah... haah... ah... uu, nn.... haah... haah... haah... fuh... fuah... haah...』
『求めて…体だけがこのまま…完全に昔に…戻っちゃう…。』=『My body... it's craving it so bad... it's going back to the way it was... by itself...』
『このまま、求め続けてしまいそうになってる……。』=『At this rate, I'm going to keep wanting it more and more...』
『どうだった…って聞くほどでもなさそうだけど…』=『I'd ask how you liked it but... I don't think I really need to...』
『はー…んあ…はぁ…っ、んっ、…ぁふ…はぁ…っはー…っぁ……はー…』=『Haah... nnah... haah... nn--... afuh.... haah... haah... ah.... haah...』
『彼氏君の前でヤるのはもちろん、誰かに見られるかもしれないセックスには』=『We did it in front of your boyfriend, and even in such an exposed position right after.』
『流石の莉乃ちゃんも、今までにない快感を味わったんじゃないかな？』=『Even an experienced girl like you really got to enjoy something new today, huh?』
『はーっ、ぁ、はー…っ…言わ……ない…っれ……はぁ…はぁ…っふ…、ん…はぁ…っはー…』=『Haah, ah, haaah... don't... shay... ith.... haah... haah... fuh... nn.. haah... haah...』
『口答えが出来ないほど満足だったんだね。おじさんも今日ほどの締め付けは久しぶりだったなぁ…』=『It felt so good that you can't even talk back, huh? It's been a while for me too, since I last felt grip that strong around my cock...』
『何を言われてるか…わかんない…。どうでもいいぐらいまだ痺れてる感覚が…ずっと響いてる…。』=『I can't even tell... what he's saying... my body feels so... numb still, I can't bring myself to care....』
『はー…っはぁ…あっ…ぁ、ふー…っ…ぁ…っはー…』=『Haah... haah... ah--... ah, fuuh... ah... haah...』
『まだ…咥え込んでる最中みたいに奥までヒクヒクして…終わらない……。なんなの…これ…どうなってるの…？』=『I'm still... twitching inside... like I've still got it inside me... what is... this... what's happening to me...?』
『今後、ここでオナるときは窓辺で公開マンズリして皆に見せびらかしてやったらどうだい？』=『Going forward, if you ever wank here again, how about doing it in front of the window and showing it off to everyone?』
『っ…や…っぅ…はぁ、ん…はぁー…っはー…はあ…っはー…』=『...Yah... uu... haah, nnn... haah... haah... haah... haa...』
『忘れてたけど、愛しのタカ君が待ってるんじゃないのかな？いつまでもここでヘバってていいのかい？』=『Oh, and I almost forgot but, isn't your darling Taka-kun waiting for you? You sure you wanna waste time here?』
『はーっ…はー…っ…う、動けな…ひ…、っはー…っはー…あっ……はー……』=『Haah... haah... I-I can't, moove my... bhodyy... haah... haah... ah... haah...』
『もう何もされてないのに……終わってるはずなのに……タカ君が…待ってるのに………』=『Even though he's not doing anything anymore... even though it's over... even though Taka-kun... is waiting....』
『ふー…っはー…んあ…はー…ふー…っ…はー…はぁ…っ…はぁ…っぁ、は……』=『Fuuh... haah... nnah... haah... fuuh... hah... haah... haah... ah, haah...』
『さて…バラさない代わりに、と改めて言う必要はどうやらもうなさそうだなあ』=『Now then... there really is no more need for me to threaten you with anything, is there?』
『はぁ…ぁ…ふー…はー…んっ…っは…ぁ…はー…っ、っぁ…っはー…』=『Haah... ah... fuuh... haah... nn... haah... ah... haah... ah... haah...』
『……私の…こんな体を満足させてくれるのは……この人しかいないの……？』=『....Is there... really nobody else but him... who can satisfy my body...?』
『せっかくだし、これからは好きな時に好きなだけ使わせてもらうことにするよ』=『From now on, I'm just gonna use you wherever I feel like and however much I want, alright?』
『はー…はぁ…っ…はぁ…っはー……はー…』=『Haah... haah... haaah... haah... haah...』
『今までみたいに強がって断りのひとつも言えないとは…』=『To think you can't even get out a single word out now, even though you used to resist so much...』
『莉乃ちゃんにとっては願ってもない魅力的な提案だったかな？』=『I guess it must be just that appealing a proposal to you, huh?』
『もう…嫌って…ちゃんと…言えないまま…こんなことをズルズル……続けてしまいそう……』=『I can't... even say no... anymore... this is going to... keep going on like this, isn't it...』
『私…本当に……どう、なっちゃうの……？』=『What is... going to even... happen to me....?』
『ふー…ぁ…っ…ふ…っはー…ん、…はー…っはー…ふ、…はぁー…はー…』=『Fuh... ah... fuh... haah... nn.... haah... haah... fuh... haah... haah...』
『ふー、今日も良かったよ。使うごとに具合が良くなっていっぱい射精[で/2]たよ』=『Fuh~, it was great today too, I came a whole lot. You get better to use by the day, honestly.』
『はーっ、ふー…ふー…はー……はー…はぁ…っぁ…っはー…ん…ぁ…はぁ…はぁ…』=『Haah, fuuh... fuuh.... haah.. haah... haah... ah... haah... nn... ah... haah... hah..』
『…私も一緒に高まっちゃう…。やっぱり…体は素直に…。この人でどうしようもなく…感じちゃってる……』=『...And I like it too... my body... really is honest... it can't help but... enjoy this...』
『ああ、スッキリした。また使わせてもらうよ』=『Aah, I feel better. Well, that was fun. I'll come again soon.』
『ここ最近、毎日…道具みたいに使われるたびに、どんどん感度が増してて……抗う気も…もう…起こらない……』=『Recently, he's been using me... like a tool, everyday, and each time, my body gets more sensitive... I don't even... feel like... resisting anymore...』
『ただこうやって快楽に…流されてたい…。』=『At this point, I just want to... give in to the pleasure...』
『じゃあ、そろそろ私も帰るから…。』=『Then, I'm gonna go home too...』
『この関係もずるずると何日も続いて…セックスするのが当たり前になってる…。』=『This "relationship" has dragged on for so many days... having sex everyday is becoming natural for me...』
『この人を満足させて、着替えを済ませて…これでようやく平和に帰ることが出来る』=『I've satisfied him, and changed my clothes too... now I can finally go home in peace.』
『そういえば、携帯…ずっとミュートで鞄の中に閉まってたままだった。そろそろタカくんから連絡来るかも。』=『Come to think of it, my phone's... been in my bag this whole time, on mute. Taka-kun might contact me soon.』
『莉乃ちゃん、もうまたシたくなってるんじゃないかな？』=『Say, Rino-chan. Aren't you feeling like doing it again already?』
『…はぁ。流石にそんなわけないでしょ。調子に乗らないで…って、あっ…』=『...Hah? Do you really think I would be? Don't get carried away... ah--...』
『不在着信が何件か、それにＬＩＭＥのメッセージもいくつか…タカ君から入ってる…。』=『There's several missed calls, and a few messages on LIME too... all from Taka-kun...』
『…？彼氏君からかい？』=『...? Is it your boyfriend?』
『ニヤニヤしながら肩越しに覗き込んでくる。咄嗟にイラっとして体をよじった。』=『He was looking over my shoulder with a grin on his face. I twisted my body away out of irritation.』
『ちょっと、人のスマホ見ないでよ。もう！』=『Hey, don't look into other people's phones! Jeez!』
『こんなに沢山…。喧嘩以来こんなことなかったのに。何かあった…？』=『So many... he hasn't done this since we fought. Did something happen...?』
『《リノー》』=『<Rino~>』
『《リノどうした？》』=『<Rino, what's up?>』
『《全然電話出ないけど、何かしてるのか？》』=『<You're not answering my calls either, what're you doing?>』
『ドキっとしてしまう…。でも…バレては……いないはず。』=『My heart skipped a beat.... but... he shouldn't... have found out anything.』
『《部活中に足やっちゃって、今保健室。ただの捻挫っぽい》』=『<I kinda hurt my ankle during club, at the nurse's office right now. Seems like just a sprain.>』
『えっ…！？タカ君、ケガしたんだ…！』=『Eh--?! My Taka-kun's injured...!』
『《まだ自主練中ならごめん。捻挫ぐらいで電話とかＬＩＭＥとかウゼーかもだけど》』=『<Sorry for bothering you during practice. This many calls and messages over a sprain might be a bit annoying, I get it.>』
『《ちょっとリノの声聞きたくなって》』=『<But you know, I kinda really wanna hear your voice right now.>』
『《全然平気だけど周りの連中がうるさいから一応休んでくわ。先帰ってくれていいから》』=『<I'm completely fine of course, but the guys are getting noisy, so I'm gonna rest to shut them up. Feel free to go home without me.>』
『やだ、これ何時？……30分前…？』=『Gosh, when did he send this?.... 30 minutes ago...?』
『《マジ大したことないから気にすんなよ。お疲れー》』=『<It's a super nothing burger, so don't worry about it. See you later~>』
『この着信あった時間…私、おじさんとセックスしてて…夢中で…気付かなかった………。』=『At that time... I was, having sex with uncle... I was so lost in it... I didn't realize...』
『やだ……』=『Gosh...』
『一緒に帰るお誘いかな？彼女が他の男にハメられたばかりとも知らずに…のん気で鈍いやつだなあ』=『Is he asking you to walk home with him? Not even realizing that his girlfriend's being fucked by another man on the daily... what a carefree idiot.』
『う、うるさっ…っ…』=『S-Shut up--!...』
『キツく言い返しそうになって、言葉に詰った…。この人に…おじさんに、無理やりされてたわけじゃない。』=『I almost yelled at him, but I couldn't bring myself to... He... didn't make me do it this time.』
『私も一緒に…散々……”楽しんで”たんだ……。……私一体、何して…』=『I was... also... "enjoying" it... with him.... what am I, even...』
『…私、行かなきゃ』=『...I gotta, go.』
『…まだ休んでるはず…。早くタカ君のところに行きたい。行かなきゃ…。』=『...He should still be there.... I want to be with him. I need to...』
『保健室に着くと、先生はいなくて…奥のベッドの１つにタカ君が横になっていた。』=『When I got to the infirmary, the nurse wasn't there... but Taka-kun was, on one of the beds.』
『罪悪感と不安を抱いたまま駆け寄る。』=『With guilt and anxiety in my heart, I ran over to his side.』
『ぁ…リノ、来てくれたんだ。まだ自主トレか先に帰ったと思ってた』=『Ah... Rino, you really came. I thought you might've been training or gone home by yourself.』
『ごめんね……』=『I'm so sorry...』
『ものすごく申し訳なくて……触れる資格なんてないけど不安で堪らなくて…。ベッドの上にあるタカ君の手をぎゅっと握る。』=『I felt so terrible... I knew I had no right to even touch him, but I was so worried... so I squeezed down on his hand tightly.』
『あはは、いきなりごめんってなんだよー。リノは別に何も悪くないだろ。ビビってめちゃ連絡しまくって、俺、ダセーよな』=『Ahahah, what are you apologizing for? It's not your fault, now is it? I'm the lame one for getting shit scared and spamming you so much.』
『ケガしてるって連絡くれた時に…私…』=『Even though he thought of me when he got injured... I...』
『ほんと…っ、…ごめん………』=『I really... am so sorry...』
『んだよ…もう。マジ、リノのせいじゃないんだし、全然大丈夫だって』=『What even... seriously, it's not your fault, so you don't need to beat yourself up so much.』
『汗かいてんじゃん。走ってきたんだろ？ほら、そこの椅子、とりあえず座れよ』=『Look at you, you're so sweaty. You ran all the way here, didn't you? C'mon, just sit down for now.』
『う、うん……ありがと……』=『O-Okay... thanks...』
『帰っていいとかいったけど、やっぱ来てくれて嬉しいわ』=『I know I told you to go home by yourself on LIME but, I really am glad you came.』
『…来るの、当たり前じゃん…。…すぐ気付かなくてごめんね……』=『...Of course I would... I'm sorry for not noticing...』
『何度も謝んなくていーって。リノが来てくれてマジで嬉しいんだからさ』=『No need to apologize, seriously. I'm already happy enough that you came.』
『やっぱり…本当に心から好きなのはタカ君だけ…。…こんな私…最低で心底嫌になるけど……好きで好きで仕方ない。』=『He really is... the only one I truly love.... I really am... trash, the worst possible human being... but I can't help but love him.』
『ケガ、本当に大丈夫…？』=『Is your injury, really okay...?』
『おう！ホント軽い捻挫だって』=『Yeah! It's just a light sprain.』
『どうしてももっと触れたくなって…体重をかけないように気をつけながら、甘えるみたいにタカ君の胸に、頭を軽く乗せた。』=『I wanted to touch him more so bad... being careful not to put any weight on him, I lightly put my head on his chest, as if acting spoilt.』
『わっ……り、リノ…どうしたんだ？』=『Wah--... R-Rino... what's gotten into you?』
『大事にならなくてよかった…。…好き……』=『I'm so glad it wasn't serious... I love you...』
『タカ君の胸…シャツ越しに肌に触れて、熱を感じて……………さっき、あの人としたセックスを思い出す。』=『His chest... I felt his skin through his shirt, and felt his warmth.............. and suddenly remembered the sex I just had with 'him'.』
『やだっ。なんでこんなことが…頭に浮かんで………。馬鹿にもほどがある…。今、タカ君といるのに…。』=『Gosh--. Why now... of all things... why am I so stupid... I'm with Taka-kun right now, and yet...』
『あ、あのさ…リノ…ごめん…そのどいて、もらえたら…。いや、邪魔とか重いとかじゃなくて…』=『H-Hey... Rino... sorry... could you erhm, move... ah, not to say that you're heavy or in the way or anything...』
『…何？……足に響いちゃった…？』=『...What? ...Did you feel it in your foot...?』
『えっと、その…あの、俺……、勃[た/1]っちゃって……。ごめん…。でも、リノさ、すげぇいい匂いするし…』=『Erhm, uhm.. ah, I.... I'm popping a chub... I'm sorry... but you smell really nice, right now so...』
『だ、大丈夫だよ…タカ君のこと…好きだから……。そうなっても…大丈夫だよ。軽蔑とかしないし』=『D-Don't worry... I love you... so it's... okay if you... feel like that. I'd never hate you for that.』
『馬鹿みたいな考えを消して…おかしい私をどうにか直して…もう、あの人との関係もやめて……タカ君とだけシたい…。』=『Get these thoughts out of my head... fix my weird head.... I'll stop it, I'll stop doing it with him, please... I want to do it with Taka-kun, only him...』
『………タカ君とシたい…。』=『...I want to do it with my Taka-kun...』
『リノ…？』=『Rino...?』
『ね…勃起[た/2]ってるんでしょ…？私、大丈夫だよ…。だから…こんなことで寝てる時になんだけど……』=『Hey... you're erect, right...? I'm fine with it... so... and I know you're supposed to be resting....』
『…………すごく、シたい…。』=『......I want to do it, so bad...』
『…タカ君のココ…私が気持ちよくするから……』=『...I'll make you... feel good down here...』
『えっ…え…な、何で急に…、でも、い、いいの？』=『Eh--... eh... w-why so suddenly... but, y-you sure?』
『うん…好きな人だから……。ほら、前…、喧嘩しちゃったけど、あの時も…シたかったでしょ…？』=『Yeah... I love you, so... back then... we had that fight but, you wanted to... do it then too, right...?』
『う、うん…。で…でも、俺、今起き上がれないし』=『Y-Yeah... B... But, I can't get up, right now.』
『あんなことを続けていて合わせる顔もないのに…タカ君が勃起してることに、私…興奮し始めてる…。』=『Even though it's hard to bring myself to even look at him... seeing him get hard, is... making me excited...』
『タカ君はそのままでいいから…今はタカ君に気持ちよくなって欲しいの。…今は、私に…任せて…。気持ちよくさせて…？』=『You can just stay like that, Taka-kun... I want you to enjoy this. ...So leave it... to me... and just enjoy it...?』
『え、あ…う、うん……？！』=『Eh, ah... o-okay....!?』
『でも、…任せるって…』=『But... leave it to you?...』
『ぁ、え……』=『Ah, eh...』
『リ、リノ…、ちょ…、っ……』=『R-Rino... hey--...』
『…大丈夫。じっとしてていいから…。ん、ほんと…おっきくなり始めてる…。はぁ、ん…はぁ…』=『...Don't worry. You can just stay still.... nn, it really is... getting bigger by the second... haah, nn... haah...』
『ちょっ…、そんなこと言われるとハズいって…』=『Hey--.... it's embarrassing when you say that stuff out loud...』
『これが……タカ君の…おチンポ……。息遣いも荒いし…すっごく熱くなってる。』=『This is... Taka-kun's... cock... my breath's getting rough too... I feel so hot.』
『私…本当に大好きな人と初めてエッチなことをするんだ…。…すごく…興奮するし、嬉しい……。』=『I really am... gonna do something lewd with the man I love for the first time... I'm so... aroused, and happy...』
『足、治ったら…いっぱいシよ……？』=『Once your, injury heals up... let's do it lots...?』
『お、おう…』=『A-Alright...』
『…タカ君もこうして興奮してくれてるもん…。やらしいって思われてもいい…。我慢させちゃった分、いっぱい…気持ちよくなって……。』=『...He's so excited about it too... I don't care if he thinks of me as a slutty girl... Taka-kun, I made to wait so much... enjoy this lots...』
『…は、む………、んっ……』=『... Haah, mm.... nn--...』
『リ、リノ……っあ…』=『R-Rino... ah....』
『んっ…ん…っ、っちゅ…ちゅぷ……じゅぷっ…ちゅぷ…んじゅっ…ぢゅっ…じゅ、ぶ…』=『Nn--... nn... *suck*... *shlup*... *shlup*... *shlup*... *shluck*... *suck*... *shlub*....』
『あれ…タカ君の…ちょっと……小さい…？まだ大きくなりきってないのかな……？』=『Huh... is he... a bit... on the small side...? Is it just not fully erect yet...?』
『ん……はっ…』=『Nn... hah--...』
『ちゅ、じゅっ…んぷ、ぶぷ…じゅぷっ…ちゅぷっ、ちゅじゅぼ、っふ…んっふ…ん、う…』=『*Suck*, *shluzz*... nnpuh, bbph... *shlup*... *shlup*, *shlobb*, fuh... nnfuh.... nn, uu...』
『違う…。これ以上大きくならない。どんなに刺激してもビクビク震えてるだけで…。それに我慢汁も凄く薄い…』=『No... he's not gonna get any bigger than this. No matter how much I stimulate it, it's just twitching in place... and his pre-cum's so thin too...』
『あ…ちょ、っと…』=『Ah... hey...』
『な…なんなんだろう…この気持ち…タカ君のことはすごく好きだし、ものすごく興奮してるのに……』=『W... What is this... this feeling... I love him so much, and I'm so aroused too, and yet...』
『ちゅぷ、じゅる、っちゅ、じゅ、んぢゅ…じゅぼ…っちゅぷ、じゅぽ…っふ、んじゅる…』=『*Shlurp*, *jhlurp*, *suck*, *shuck*, *jhuck*.... *shlob*... *shlop*, *jhlop*... fuh, *shlurp*...』
『…私、タカ君とエッチした時…………こんな大きさで満足…できるのかな…？』=『...Will a cock of this size, really manage to... satisfy me, when we have sex...?』
『あっ、リノ…すっ、すごい…きもち…い、い……』=『AH--, Rino--... w-wow... this is... insane...』
『っ、何考えてるのよ…！！…好きな人とだもん！絶対気持ちいいはず…！』=『--! What am I even thinking...!! ...He's the man I love! It'll definitely feel good...!』
『ちゅる…はふ…ぁふ、んっ…っふ、ん…じゅる、…ん、んぢゅ、んぅ、はふぁ…』=『*Shlurp*... hafuh... afuh, nn--... fuh, nn... *shlurp*... nn, *shluck*, nnn, hafuah...』
『大きさなんて…関係ないはず…。こうしてるだけで今、幸せだもん…』=『The size... shouldn't matter at all... I'm in bliss, just doing this even...』
『リノ、やば、ちょ…、っ、ちょっと…』=『Damn, Rino, hey... hey...』
『ただ犯して楽しむだけのあの人とのセックスなんかと違って…』=『Unlike sex with that guy, who just violates me however he pleases...』
『んぐ…ちゅぷ、んぐ…ん、く…っむ、はふっ…んっちゅ…じゅる…じゅぷ…』=『Nnguh... *shlup*, nnguh... nn, kuh... muh, hafuh... *shluck*... *shlurp*... *shlup*...』
『タカ君とは愛し合ってるんだから……。好き同士の…愛があるセックスは絶対もっと気持ちいい…はず…！』=『The two of us are in love... sex between... two people who love each other... should definitely be better...!』
『んっ…っふ、んちゅ、ぷ…じゅぷっ…ちゅぷ…んじゅっちゅっ、じゅぷっ…ぶぷっ…』=『Nn--.. fuh, *suck*, puh... *shlup*... *shlup*... *shluzzhhluck*, *shlup*... bbpuh--...』
『リ、あっ…っぁ、すご…リノっ…ぁ…っぁ…』=『Ri--, ah--... ah--, wow... Rino--... ah... ah...』
『あんな奴と違って、私をいっぱい大事にしてくれるんだから…！だから、もっと、もっと気持ちよくさせて……』=『Unlike him, he treasures me lots and lots...! So, let me, let me make you feel even better...』
『っ…もう…イっ…で…出る…ぁあっ！！』=『...I'm... gonna--... c--... cum... ah--!!』
『っ……？！』=『--....?!』
『ウソ…もう………イったの……？！』=『No way... he... already...?!』
『はぁ…はぁ…り、リノ…やばい…気持ちよかったよ……』=『Haah... haah... R-Rino... fuck... that felt amazing...』
『気持ちよくなってくれたのは嬉しい、けど……。』=『I mean, I'm happy he enjoyed it, but...』
『はぁ、はぁ…俺、リノにこんなことしてもらえるなんて…恥ずかしいけど、さ……。その、…すげぇ嬉しい……』=『Haah, haah... you know, it's kinda embarrassing to say this but... the fact that you did this for me... I'm, uhm... super happy...』
『私がやっと濡れてきたところなのに…もうタカ君…イっちゃったんだ…。すごく疼いてきたのに…。』=『Even though I was just starting to get wet... Taka-kun... already came... even though I was throbbing so much...』
『あっ…、タ…タカ君が気持ちよくなってくれて…その…嬉…しい。……ね、タカ君もまだシたいよね…？』=『Ah--... I... I'm glad that you.. uhm... enjoyed... it. ...Hey, you wanna keep going too, right...?』
『また勃たせて…今度は繋がりたい……。好きな人と一緒になりたい……。我慢できない。はしたなくてもいい。』=『I want to, get it hard again... and this time connect with him... I want to be one, with the man I love... I can't take it. I don't care if he thinks of me as a slut.』
『次はゆっくりするから……一緒に、気持ちよくなろ…？』=『I'll go slower this time so... let's feel, good together...?』
『あ、いや…』=『Ah, no, I mean...』
『射精直後だから…ゆっくり、優しく……撫でて…こうしたら…また勃起するはず…。』=『He just ejaculated so... slowly, gently... if I stroke it... like this... he should get hard again...』
『ちょ、リノ…く、くすぐったいって…！……その、ほら…無理しなくていいよ』=『Hey, Rino... i-it kinda tickles...! ...We uhm, you know... we don't need to force it.』
『え、でも私……』=『Eh, but I...』
『く、口でしてくれたの、すっげぇ気持ちよかったし…その、なんての……俺、お前を大事にしたいからさ…』=『I-It already felt fantastic, when you blew me like that... so, uhm... I don't, want to rush things between us...』
『あれ…ちゃんと刺激してるのに…全然硬くならない…。…もしかして、もう勃たないの…？』=『Huh... even though I'm stimulating it... it's not getting hard at all... wait, is it not gonna....?』
『そ、そう…。……あ、ありがとう…』=『H-Huh... t-thanks...』
『出したらなんか…すっごい力抜けて…。…リノにしてもらえて…俺、幸せだよ……』=『I kinda feel... really relaxed now... I'm honestly... in bliss right now...』
『う、うん…。えっと…じゃあ、その…………ゆっくり休んで……』=『O-Okay... erhm... then, uhm... rest up...』
『うん、ありがとな…ほんと……。脱力、やばいわ…』=『Yeah, thanks... seriously... I feel super sleepy...』
『がっかりなんか…しちゃダメ…。がっかりするなんて…これじゃ、あいつと一緒になっちゃう…。』=『I shouldn't... feel disappointed... if I do... I'll be the same as him...』
『これが…好き同士でお互い大事にして、エッチするってことなんだから…。』=『This is... what it means, for two people who love each other, to have sex, without rushing things...』
『あの、私も…その、タカ君を大事にしたいから…』=『Uhm, I want to... uhm, not rush things either so...』
『…すー…すー……』=『....Zzzz ....zzz...』
『タカ君…もう寝ちゃった…………。』=『He's already... asleep...』
『過激なことしか経験がないから…普通のエッチがどんなふうなのか知らなくて…。でも、比べるなんて…私が完全におかしいんだ…。』=『I've only ever experienced extreme stuff so... I don't know how normal sex is at all... but the fact that I'm comparing at all is... completely insane of me...』
『こうやって、タカ君が気持ちよくなってくれたし…一緒にいられて…それは本当に嬉しい……。』=『I was able to, make him feel good and... we get to be together like this... and I'm happy about that...』
『莉乃ちゃん、どうだい？』=『Rino-chan, how was it?』
『なっ、なんでここに…、って…何しに来たの？！』=『Wha--, why are you... what did you come here for!?』
『様子が気になってねえ。後を付けてきてたんだよ。何も言わずに勝手にどっかに行っちゃうからね』=『To see what was up. Since you left without saying a word. Oh, I followed you here, so you know.』
『……まさか最初から見てたの…？！』=『....Were you watching this whole time...?!』
『彼氏君へのフェラが見れるとはなぁ…』=『Well, I certainly didn't think I'd catch a sight of you blowing your boyfriend, that's for sure...』
『すぐにイっちまったみたいだが…まぁ、童貞[ガキ/2]があんな下品なフェラに耐えられるわけないよなぁ』=『Looks like he came right away too... well, no way a virgin would be able to withstand a nasty blowjob like that.』
『なっ…』=『Wha--...』
『おおよそ、初めてだったんだろう？』=『It was probably your first time blowing him, no?』
『か、関係ないでしょ！…それに、怪我で休んでるんだから…このまま出てってよ』=『W-What does it matter to you! ...Besides, he got injured, and he's resting right now... just get out.』
『彼氏君はつくづく間の悪いガキだなぁ…。莉乃ちゃんがザーメンで興奮して何度もシたがる女だってことを知らないとはいえ…』=『Still, lady luck really does have it out for him, huh... Even if he doesn't know that you're the sort of slut who gets going from the smell and taste of semen...』
『…こっち来ないでよ！』=『...Don't come any closer!』
『あえなく発射して、そのまま寝ちまうなんて……』=『He blew his load just like that, and drifted off right to sleep~...』
『こないでってば…！』=『I told you, don't come any closer...!』
『逃げるなら逃げればいいもんを…。また体を持て余しはじめてるのがバレてるぞ』=『You could just run, I'm not holding you down or anything... It's clear as day that your body's starting to go into heat again.』
『違……やっ…ぁ、ん……さっ、触らないで…！』=『No... yah--... ah, nn... d-don't touch me...!』
『彼氏の前で他の男に触られてなんて声を出してるんだ』=『Moaning like that from another man's touch, right in front of your boyfriend too.』
『っ、だから…違うってば……！んっ、触らないでよ！』=『--! I told you... it's not like that...! Nn--, don't touch me!』
『ほら、あまり騒ぐと彼氏君を起こしちゃうぞ？』=『C'mon, if you make too much noise, he's gonna get up, you know?』
『ダ、ダメ…！！』=『N-No...!!』
『体が火照ってることは、おじさんわかってるよ？だから弄って慰めてやってるんだ』=『I can tell just how much your body's burning up, you know? That's why I'm trying to soothe it.』
『んあっ…っ…』=『Nnah--....』
『それとも彼氏君の目の前で触られて興奮して、そんな破廉恥な声をあげてるのかな？』=『Or are you moaning so erotically because you're getting off from being touched right in front of your boyfriend?』
『はぁ、はぁっ…やっ、やぁ……』=『Haah, haah--... no, no....』
『２回戦も出来ずに…可哀想に。まだ、しゃぶり足りないんだろう？』=『He couldn't even go another round... I honestly feel bad. You still haven't sucked on a cock enough, no?』
『こ、こんなところでやめてよ…。っぁ、あっ…んっ…もう、アンタとは…シたくない…。っんあっ…はぁっはぁっ…』=『N-Not here.... Ah, ah--... nn--... I don't, want to... do it with you anymore... Nnah--... haah, haah--...』
『そんな事言って…。ほら、おじさんので良かったら使わせてあげよう。しゃぶってごらん』=『Saying that now... C'mon, I'll let you use it so go ahead. Suck on it.』
『ちょ、ちょっと…！…こんなところで……！タカ君…それに先生もいつ戻ってくるか…』=『H-Hey...! ...Not here...! Taka-kun's gonna... the nurse could come back anytime too...』
『じゃあ、それこそ早く、こうなっちまってるやつを抜いたほうがいいんじゃないか？』=『Then wouldn't it be best to wring my little man out asap?』
『それともこの状況で彼氏君を起こされたいか？』=『Or do you want your boyfriend to wake up and see all this?』
『…やっ……わ、わかったから…っ』=『...No-... f-fine, I got it...--』
『それにせっかくだ。彼氏君に跨ってやってもらおうかな』=『Plus, this is a great opportunity. Straddle him and do it.』
『そ、そんなこと…！！』=『A-As if...!!』
『しつこいな。今すぐこいつを起こして、今までの俺達の関係をバラしても構わないんだぞ？』=『So obstinate. I don't mind waking him up right here and spilling the beans, you know?』
『っ！！……わ、わかった…！わかったからから、早く…』=『--!!! ...F-Fine...! I got it, so quickly...』
『ふふふ、いい眺めだ。バカな彼氏に跨って他の男のモノに奉仕する…』=『Fufufuh, what a view. Straddling your idiot boyfriend while serving another man...』
『う、うるさいわね…。こんな状況でこんなに勃たせて…変態…。どれだけ出せば気が済むのよ…』=『S-Shut up... getting so hard in this situation... pervert... just how much do you have to cum before you're satisfied...』
『莉乃ちゃんがイヤラシイ体をしてるから、男なら誰だってこうなっちゃうよ…と、彼氏君は一回こっきりだったけど』=『You've got a real slutty body, so any man would end up like this in front of you... well, aside from your one hit wonder of a boyfriend.』
『くぅ……、じゃ、じゃあ始めるわよ？』=『Kuh... t-then, I'm gonna start, okay?』
『待った。まずは…そうだなぁ…』=『Wait. Before that... let's see...』
『愛する彼氏君の前でおじさんの亀頭にキスをしてくれないかな？』=『Won't you kiss my tip in front of your darling boyfriend?』
『そっ…、そんなこと…！』=『T--... That's...!』
『………わっ、分かったわよ…』=『........F-Fine, fine...』
『ん……』=『Nn.....』
『ちゅっ…、ちゅぅ…ちゅっ…、』=『*Kiss*.... *smooch*.... *kiss*....』
『唇が柔らかくて…イイよ。愛しのチンポにご挨拶できて偉いぞ』=『Your lips are so soft... and nice. What a proper greeting to the cock you love. Good girl.』
『さ、咥え足りなかったんだろう？好きにしゃぶりついてごらん』=『Come on then, you haven't had enough, right? Suck on it as much as you want.』
『んっ…さっさと終わらせるためなんだから…。別に、物足りないとかじゃ…』=『Nn--... I'm just gonna get this over with asap... It's not like I'm unsatisfied or anything...』
『はぁぁ…』=『Haah...』
『んじゅぅぅぅ…』=『*Shlurrrrp*...』
『おっ…、おぉぉ……！』=『Ogh--... oooh...!』
『はぁ、はぁ…こんなに出しても…ど、どうせシたりないんでしょ…？』=『Haah, haah... even after cumming this much... y-you probably still haven't had enough, right...?』
『お、最近の莉乃ちゃんは本当に話が早いなあ』=『Oh, you really are quick on the uptake lately, Rino-chan.』
『ア、アンタがフェラだけで満足するわけないじゃない…。それに…タカ君を起こしたくないだけ…』=『A-A guy like you would never be satisfied with just a blowjob... and... it's just that I don't want to wake him up...』
『ま、そういうことにしておいてあげようかな』=『Well, I'll leave it at that, wouldn't want to press you too much.』
『……場所、部室に変えましょ。ね…？』=『...Let's go, to the clubroom. Okay...?』
『ははは、彼氏君の前でやるのが楽しくて興奮するんじゃないか。そのためにわざわざ来たんだよ？』=『Hahahah, but doing it in front of your boyfriend is much more fun and arousing. That's why I went out of my way to come here, you know?』
『なっ…何言ってるのよ？！流石にそんなこと出来るわけないでしょ…！！』=『Wha--... what are you saying?! Even I can't do something like that...!!』
『口答えしてないで、ほら、隣のベッドにおいで』=『Don't talk back now. C'mon, get on the next bed over.』
『何考えてるのよ…！流石に無理！嫌！やめてよ！！』=『What are you even thinking...!! I can't, I really can't! I don't want to! Stop it!!』
『ほら、あんまり大声で騒ぐと彼氏君が起きちゃうよ？』=『Look, he's gonna wake up if you keep yelling like that, you know?』
『そうだなあ。そこまで嫌がるなら…彼氏君に免じてアナルで勘弁してあげようか』=『Let's see~. If you hate it that much... out of consideration for your boyfriend, how about anal sex?』
『はぁっ？アナルもなにも…っ、だから、こんなとこでするわけないじゃないっ…！』=『Haah--? Anal or not--... it's not something we should do here...--!』
『そうかそうか。何が何でも嫌って言うなら…』=『That so, huh? If you really are that against it then...』
『これまで莉乃ちゃんが何をしてきたか、教えてあげても構わないんだけどなぁ…』=『I suppose I'll just have to tell him exactly what's gone down between us, up until now...』
『ちょ、ちょっと…それはっ……』=『H-Hey... that's--...』
『今日だって、彼氏君が部活でケガしてる最中もおじさんと夢中でセックスしてただろ？』=『I mean, even just today, when he was nursing his injury and trying to call you, you were too busy fucking this old man to even notice.』
『あのフェラは罪悪感からしてあげたのかな…？』=『Was the blowjob you gave him after just out of guilt? Damn...』
『ち、違うわよ…そんなんじゃない…。タカくんにシてあげたいからシたの』=『N-No... it wasn't anything like that... I did it because I wanted to do it for him.』
『だったら、そんなに思ってる相手が本当のことを知って傷つくのは莉乃ちゃんも嫌なんじゃないかな？』=『If so, you wouldn't want the person you care so much about to get hurt from finding out the truth, no?』
『でもこんなところでなんて…。部室でならいくらでも相手してあげるから…お願い…！』=『But doing it here... I'll do it as much as you want in the clubroom... so please...!』
『いくらでもね…。じゃあ今から彼氏君が帰っても、朝までずっとおじさんの相手をしてくれるってことかい？』=『As much as I want, huh.... then even if your boyfriend gets up to limp home, are you saying you'd keep me company until morning anyway?』
『そ、それは…！』=『T-That's...!』
『足を怪我してるんだろう？ゴタゴタ言わずにさっさと済ませて、莉乃ちゃんが一緒に帰ってあげるべきじゃないかなぁ…？』=『He injured his foot, no? Shouldn't you stop whining and instead just get it over with quickly, so that you can help him get home...?』
『で、でも、ここで…アナルだなんて……』=『B-But, anal... here...』
『ああもう、ぐだぐだ面倒くさいな。彼氏の前でマンコを使わないだけありがたいと思え！』=『Aah, jeez, what an annoying bitch. You should be glad that I'm not already driving my cock into your pussy in front of your boyfriend!』
『やっ…！！』=『Yah--...!!』
『んっ、っぁ…こんな……！…は、離してよ…！』=『Nn--, ah... this is....! ...L-Let me go...!』
『どのみち、このまま収まるはずがないことぐらい、莉乃ちゃんもわかるだろう？』=『In the end, even you should know that my cock's not gonna settle down on its own, no?』
『ゴクッ…』=『*Gulp*...』
『今日…何回も出してるのに…まだこんなに硬く…おっきくなってる…』=『Even though... he's cum so many times today... he's still so hard... and big...』
『っぁ…は…はぁ…んっ…はぁ、はぁ…っ…』=『Ah... hah... haah... nn--... haah, haah....』
『タカ君は１回で精一杯だったのに……』=『Even though just the one time was all that Taka-kun could muster up...』
『おじさんがいない間、ケツ穴も自分で弄り回してたんだろう？』=『While I wasn't in town, you learned to play with your own asshole, didn't you?』
『ははは、亀頭を押し当てただけでアナルのヒクつきが尋常じゃないねえ』=『Hahahah, my tip's barely touching it and it's already twitching like crazy.』
『こ、擦らないでっ…あっ…んっ…』=『D-Don't rub it--... ah--... nnn--...』
『久々のケツ穴だからな。あんまり声を出すと、彼氏君を起こすことになるから気を付けないとダメだよ？』=『It's been a while since I've taken you here. If you moan too much, he's gonna end up waking up, so you gotta be careful, alright?』
『っ…はぁ、はぁ…お、起きちゃう前に…終わらせて……早く…！』=『...Haah, haahh.... e-end this before he does... quickly...!』
『挿入[い/2]れてください、だろ？！』=『Is that how I trained you?! Shouldn't it be "put it in, please"!?』
『っは、っは……い…挿入[い/2]れて……くださ、い…』=『Hah, hah... p.. put it in.... plea, se...』
『どこに何をか、ちゃんと彼氏君の顔を見ながら言ったらハメてやるよ』=『If you say exactly what you want and where, while looking at your boyfriend's face, I'll do it.』
『っぅう……っ、ア、アナルに……っ…チ…チンポを………い、挿入[い/2]れて…くださ、いぃ……』=『Uuu... p-put your... c... cock into... my a-ass... p-please....』
『んん？そんなんじゃ挿入できないなぁ…。昔はもっと上手におねだり出来たぞ？』=『Nnn? I can't say that's good enough... I swear I taught you how to beg properly.』
『お願い…！チンポッ…！彼氏の前でヒクついてるいやらしいケツ穴に、このデカチンポ…思いっきりブチ込んでぇ…！』=『Please...! Stuff your cock...! Your huge cock, up this slut's ass... whose asshole is twitching in front of her boyfriend...!』
『んっ…ん"っ…ぅ！！！』=『Nnn... nngh--... uu!!!』
『あっ、ぁ……っぉ…っん、あ…っ…！！』=『Ah--, ah... oh... nn, ah...--...!!』
『はぁ、ん…ぁっ…あっ…んふっ、はぁ、あっ…んあっ…』=『Haah, nn... ah--... ah--... nnfuh--, hah, ah--... nnah--...』
……あれ…俺………寝てた、のか……？=...Huh... did I... doze off...?
……そういえば…ああ、俺…リノに……フェラしてもらったんだよな…。=...Come to think of it... aah, I... got blown... by Rino, didn't I...
だからって…こんなエロい夢なんか見て…。大事にするって言ったばっかなのに…俺、サイテーだな…。=But still... what's with this lewd dream... I went and acted cool too, saying I wanted to treasure her... I'm trash...
でも…すっげー幸せだわ………。=But.... I feel so happy right now...
『っ、はぁ…ぁ、起き…ちゃった、んだね…？っ…』=『Haah... ah, you...'re, up, huh...?...』
『んん……』=『Nnn...』
『大丈夫。っ…まだ、っ…寝てていいから…』=『Don't worry. ...Feel free, .... to go back to sleep...』
『傍にいるから、…安心して、っ、ゆっくり…っ休んでね…』=『I'm here with you... so don't worry, just... rest up...』
『ん……………すー…すー…』=『Nn.... zzz... zzz....』
『っ…～…ぅ…っ…～～～！！…！！』=『--...~~ ...uu... ~~~!!! ....~~!!』
……こんな…夢じゃなくて…=....I don't want... a dream like this...
『っぁっ…ああっ…あっ、ふ…んっ…んぅっ…ふーっ…ふーっ…あっ、ぁっ…』=『Ah--... aaah--... ah--, fuh... nnn... nnnn... fuuh... fuuh... ah, ah--....』
『っぁはっ、あっ、あんっ…ぁっ、はっはっ…あっんっ…ん、はぁ…あっ！！』=『Ahaah--, ah--, ahn--... ah--, hah--, hah--... ahnn--... nn, haah... ah--!!』
…リノと早くセックスしてえな………。=...I want to have real sex with her, already...
『あうっ…はぁっ、ぁあっ…あんっ、あっ！！あっ…はぅっ…んあ！！』=『Auu--... haah--, aah--... ahn--, ah--!! Ah--... hauuu--... nnah!!』
『あっ、はっ、あんっ、あっ♡っぁ！！んあっ♡もっと…そこ…ああっ♡♡そこっ…好きっ…！』=『Ah--, hah--, ahn--, ah--♡ Ah!! Nnah--♡ More... right there... aah--♡♡ I love it--... there--...!』
『…結局、この気持ちよさには抗えなくて、セフレ関係にどっぷりハマってしまってる…』=『...In the end, I wasn't able to resist the pleasure, and got completely hooked on this sex-friend relationship...』
『これ以上したら、莉乃ちゃんのおマンコも流石に壊れちゃうぞ？』=『If I do it anymore, even your pussy won't last, you know?』
『いいのぉ…あっ♡…すごっ♡…またイク…んあっ！あっ、ああ！！』=『That's fine... ah--♡... Wow--♡ ...I'm gonna cum again... nnah--! Ah--, aaah!!』
『…タカ君の前でしてた時も私…タカ君がいたから興奮し切ってた。裏切りたいわけじゃ…絶対ないのに……』=『...Even when we did it in front of Taka-kun... I got aroused because he was there. It's not like I want to betray him... at all, but...』
『トロトロになってもちゃんと締め付けるマンコに育っておじさんも満足してるよ、おらっ！』=『I'm satisfied too, with how well your pussy's grown up, it's still gripping onto me tight even though it's so wet. Take this--!』
『あぁっ♡…すごいっ！…あっ！はぁっ、はひっ！』=『Aaah--♡ ... Wow--! ...Ah--! Haah--, hahih--!』
『おじさんがくれる快感に、絶対的な雄そのものの魅力に…勝てない。…女[メス/1]としての本能を刺激して、満たしてくれることに…』=『There was no way I could resist the pleasure he gave me... his irresistable charm, as a man.  ...The charm that triggers my instincts as a bitch, and satisfies them...』
『んぉっ♡っぁ♡っぁ…しゅ…ごっ…はぅ…っ…っ、あっ…あ"っ…飛ん…じゃ、うっ…♡』=『Nnoh--♡ Ah♡ Ah... ama... zhing... hauu... ah--... agh--... I'm gonna.. get, blown away--...♡』
『抗うなんて無理だから…。もう…割り切って楽しむことにしたの…。そう決めたら心が軽くなって…快感と欲望が一気に解き放たれた………』=『There was no way for me to resist it so... I decided to just... give in and enjoy it instead... The moment I did, my heart felt lighter... and the pleasure and desire all hit me at once...』
『彼氏君のことを吹っ切って、ちょっと楽しみ過ぎじゃないのかなあ？…まぁ、その方がおじさんは都合がいいんだけど』=『Aren't you enjoying yourself a bit too much, now that you've gotten over him? ...Well, not that I mind that, of course.』
『それ、言わなぃれっ…性欲、解消し合う、らけ…って…あっ、あっうっ、奥、すごぃ♡あっあっ…んあっ…♡あっ♡♡ぁひっ…っ！！』=『Don't, bring that up.... we're just, relieving each other's, pent up... desires.... ah--, auu--, so deep--♡ Ah--, ah--... nnah--...♡ Ah--♡♡ Ahiih--...!!』
『よくないことだって分かってる。このまま完全に流されてしまいかねない危険も…分かってる。でも…』=『Of course, I know this isn't great. And that I might just get... completely swept away too. I know that. But...』
『イかせて♡イク感覚短くなって♡連続イキ、キちゃう♡シて♡あっ、は…あんっ、は、ああっ♡もっと突いて♡♡』=『I want to cum♡ The orgasms are getting, closer together♡ I'm gonna orgasm, non-stop♡ Do it♡ Ah--, hah... ahn--, hah, aah--♡ Pound me more♡♡』
『互いの本能的な欲求をぶつけあって、解消するだけの関係だから…大丈夫…大丈夫なはず……』=『This is a relationship of nothing more than pumping our desires into each other, and relieving them... so it's fine... it should be fine...』
『っちーっす、リノ先輩いますー？』=『Yo~, are you in, Rino-senpai~?』
『！？』=『!?』
『っ！！！？』=『--!!!?』
誰か来た…！まさかこんな言い訳もできないようなタイミングで…=Someone's here...! Right when I can't even make an excuse about what I'm doing...
『っ、は、ぇぁ…くっ…ぁ…』=『Hah, eah.... kuh--... ah...』
このままじゃマズイな。この狭い部屋じゃやり過ごすことも不可能だし…=This is bad. The room's too small to just hide away either...
『莉乃ちゃん、いいかい？何とか誤魔化すんだ。じゃないとこっちに来るぞ』=『Rino-chan, listen up, alright? Just fool her somehow. Else she's gonna come all the way here.』
『あっれー、リノ先輩残ってると思ったんすけどねー』=『Huh, I really thought that she was still here too~』
『っあ、なっなに…こ、ココア…？っ…っ…』=『Ah, wh--, what?... I-Is that you, Cocoa...?--...』
『あっ、やっぱ先輩いたー！ちょ、聞いてくださいよー。それがー…』=『Ah--, you really are here! Hey, listen to this, senpai~! You know...』
『ちょ、ちょっと…い、今着替え中だから……えっと…こ、こっち来ないで…！』=『H-Hey... I-I'm changing right now so... erhm... d-don't come in...!』
『ん、は～い。先輩は相変わらず恥ずかしがり屋ですね～』=『Nn, sure~. You're as shy as ever, senpai~』
ひとまずは助かったか…。それにしても…=Just barely saved it... still...
『こんなところでサカってるのに”恥ずかしがり屋”とはねぇ…』=『"Shy", huh? Imagine if she saw you getting fucked in the club locker room...』
『コ、ココア…きょ、今日はっ…か、彼氏と用事があるって…そ、早退したじゃない…？っ…ふ…っ…』=『C-Cocoa... d-didn't you head... o-out early since you were... d-doing something with your boyfriend...? ... Fuh....』
『それ！それっすよ、マジ聞いてくださいよー、ってまた、ＬＩＭＥ無視ってるしあり得なくね？！』=『Yeah, about that! Seriously, listen to this, senpai~! He's ignoring my LIME messages again, like, what even!?』
『ど、どうしたの…？っふー…っふー…』=『W-What happened...? Fuuh... fuuh...』
『あ、ちょ…既読なったし、あいつ、ばっくれて……って返事ねーし、既読スルーとかマジなんなの？』=『Ah, wait... it says "read" now too, he's totally blowing me off... there's no replies or anything. Can you believe that? He left me on read!』
『返事するんでちょっと待って………ぁ、でも、愚痴聞いてくださいよー。よいしょっと…』=『Sec, I'm just gonna send a.... ah, but still, let me vent a bit! Here we go...』
椅子に腰をかけたようだ…。これじゃ長居されそうだな…=Did she just pull out a chair.... She's not gonna just walk away, is she...
『でも…面白いことになってきた、なぁ？よっ、と』=『But still... isn't this getting interesting, Rino-chan~? There.』
『ん、あっ！？？　やっ…こんな…見せつけるような格好…！』=『Nn, aah--!?!? Yah--... no way... such an exposed pose...!』
『先輩？…なんか言いました？』=『Senpai? ...Did you say something?』
『ほら、話しを続けろ。怪しまれるぞ？』=『C'mon, she asked you a question. She's gonna get suspicious, you know?』
『っ…う、ううんっ、なんでもないっ……！っ…彼氏と何か、っ…あったの？』=『....N-No--, nothing--...! ....Did something--... happen between you two?』
『それがですねー。ウチ、今日めっちゃ早めに部活バックレ…早退したじゃないですかー』=『About that~! See, I ditc--... I mean, left club really early today, right?』
『っ…ぁ…う、うん…っ…っ…』=『...Ah... y-yeah...』
『それでー…今日はカレシとフツーにデートだったんで、待ち合わせ場所行ったんすよ』=『So you know... we had a normal date lined up today, and so I went off to the usual spot.』
『あっ、うっ…うん……ん、ぁ…』=『Ah--, y--... yeah... nn, ah...』
『いつもならホテルで即ハメって流れなんですけどー、今日は珍しく普通のデートしたいって言われたんで鬼楽しみにしてたんですよね』=『See, normally we just go straight to a cheap hotel and fuck all day but, he said he wanted to have a normal date for once, so I was super looking forward to it, right?』
『んっ…そ、そくっ…は、ハメって…ぁ、…ま、またそんな事…だ……っ…めっ…』=『Nn--... f-fuck--... a-all day... ah... a-again? D-Didn't I tell... you... last...』
『後輩の前でハメられて感じてるメスの言う事か？』=『Is that something a bitch like you who's loving being fucked in front of her junior should be saying?』
『そっ、それは……は……っ…っ…ぁ……………』=『T--, that's.... hah.... ah....』
『でー、待ち合わせ時間過ぎても全然来なくて。でもずっと待ってたんですよー』=『So, he didn't show up, like, at all. And I waited the whole time, you know~!』
『ほら、今日めちゃくちゃ暑いでしょ？流石にないわーって』=『Like, do you know how hot it is outside today? It's unreal.』
『んっ、ん！！ほんと、あっ…っつ…ぁ…ぅ…。かの…じょ、待たせて…んっ、ひっひど…ふっンフゥ…』=『Nn--, nn!! Serious, ly--... ah... ah... uu... who makes... their, girlfriend... nn--, w-wait so... ffuhnnfuh...』
『なんか今日先輩めっちゃ同意してくれますねーｗｗ』=『You're being really understanding for once, senpai :D.』
『彼氏に隠れてセフレと勤しんでる方がよっぽど酷いと思うけどなぁ』=『Personally, I think you're way more of a sinner for having a sex-friend behind your own boyfriend's back, you know~』
『それでー、ＬＩＭＥ送っても無反応だし、いい加減ムカついたんでガツンと言ってやろーって思って。でも電話しても無視キメられてー、』=『So then, since he was ignoring my texts too, I got so pissed I wanted to chew him out but, he even ignored my calls!』
『だからここに来ちゃいました。慰めてくださいよーセンパイー』=『So I just ditched and came here instead. Console me~, senpai~』
『あ、はは…そ、そうかっ…ちょっと…っ……それ、は…災難、だった…っ…っ…ぁ…』=『Ah, hahah... I-I see--... that... must, have... sucked, I feel you.... ah...』
『あ、今更ＬＩＭＥきた。は？！忘れてたって？！コレマジで言ってんのコイツ！！』=『Ah, he finally responded. The heck? He forgot!? Is this guy being for real!?』
『ゴメンも無しで、自分が悪いと思ってないとか？！マジウゼー！』=『And there's no "sorry" attached either, who does this guy think he is!? Bastard!』
『あの様子じゃ全然気づいてなさそうだねぇ…。ならこれはどうかな？』=『She really doesn't give a damn about what's going on around her, huh... then how about this?』
『そら！』=『There--!』
『あっ……っ！！…ぁっ、っ…♡』=『Ah--... --!! ...Ah--...♡』
『先輩？』=『Senpai?』
『あ、うっ、なっ…ないよね、それ、そのっ……ごめんとかっ…なくて…またとかっ…』=『Ah--, uu--, I--... I feel you, that's, like--... no sorry or--... anything... he's always like that--....』
『ですよねー！！ちょ、こっちキレてんのわかってんのって言ってやりますよー！』=『Right--??? Sec, I'mma show him just how pissed I am right now!』
『あんまり喘いでると怪しまれてこっちに来られちゃうよ？』=『If you moan too much, she's gonna get suspicious and come over to this side, you know?』
『っ…お、じさんが無茶するっ…からっ……』=『--... Y-You're the one doing it--.... so hard, uncle--...』
『めちゃくちゃにして欲しがってたのは莉乃ちゃんだろう？バレずに続けたかったら頑張らなくちゃ』=『Aren't you the one who wanted me to make a mess out of you? If you wanna keep going like this, then do your best.』
『っん、もう…っぁ、っふ…』=『Nn, jeez... ah, fuh...』
『あーほんとムカつくー、外暑いのに歩き回ったウチのコト考えてなさ過ぎっしょ、あーどうすっかなー』=『Ah, I'm seriously ticked off~, he doesn't even care about how much I had to walk in the heat. Ah~, what do I do~』
『い、今から…会いに、んっ…いっ、いけば…』=『Y-You could... just go, nn--... a-and s-see him now...』
『いやー、あんな事されてさすがにソレはナイですわー』=『No way~, not after he ditched on me like that~』
『でっ…でも…はぁっ…あっ…』=『B--... But--... haah--... ah--...』
『せっかくだし先輩一緒に帰りましょうよ。ウチ、待ちますから気にしないでゆっくり着替えてくださいよー』=『I'm here anyway, so let's walk home together, just us two. I can wait so don't worry about me and take your time changing.』
『ほら、後輩君は帰る気ないってさ。どこまで誤魔化せるかなぁ？やってみようか？…おらっ！』=『You heard her. She's not going home. Now, for how long can we keep this up? Wanna see? ...There--!』
『やめ…ばれちゃ…ん、ひっ…！！！』=『Sto--... she'll not--.... nn, hiih--...!!』
『…先輩、どうかしました？今日暑いからレオタード汗でくっつきますよね、手伝いましょうか？』=『...Senpai, is something up? It really is hot today, I bet the leotard's clinging right onto you. Want me to help?』
『なっなんでもないから！っ…ふーっふー…っそ、そうね、で、でも自分で着替えられるからっ…そこに、いて…』=『I-It's nothing! ...Fuh, fuuh... i-it really is, but I think I can get it off by myself... so just, stay there...』
『っふー…っ…んっ…っふー…っ…っふー……ふぅー…っー…ぁ…っー…』=『Fuh... nn... fuh... fuuh... fuuh... ah...』
『あ、今カレシがＬＩＭＥで謝ってきました！やっと反省したか。って、今からでもデートしようって！調子よすぎじゃね？』=『Ah, he finally apologized via LIME! Finally feeling the regret, huh? Huh? He wants to go on a date right now?! This bastard!』
『はぁっー…っ…ぁっ…ふー…っ…よ、よかったじゃない…。っふー…っ、い、行ってきたら…？はぁー…』=『Haah... ah... fuh... i-isn't that good then.... fuh... w-why don't you go...? Haah...』
『まあ、反省してるし？…あんな話してたらウチもムラってきたんで、普通デートやめてヤってきますーｗ』=『Well, I mean, he's reflecting on it so I guess? ...But well I'm feeling pretty horny now so I think I'll skip the date and just have him fuck me lol』
『なんかスンマセン、ウチが帰ろって誘ったのに。じゃあ、行ってきますね！先輩、愚痴聞いてくれてホントあざーっした！！』=『Sorry senpai, I know I'm the one who said that we should walk home together. See you later then! Thanks for listening to me grumble this whole time, seriously!!』
『っはー！っはぁ、はぁっはぁっ、…はぁっ…っぁ…はぁ、っはー、っはー…はぁー…』=『Haah! Haah, haah--, haah--... haah--... ah... haah, haah, haah... haah...』
『危なかったねぇ…』=『That was close....』
『や、ヤバい…ココアに見られるかと思ったら…すっごく…っ興奮、して…っ…感じすぎて…』=『G-God... when I thought about how she might notice... I got so... aroused and, it felt... so good...』
『まだ脚もおマンコもビクついて…ずっとイキっぱなしなのかな？』=『Look at your legs and pussy twitching... have you been cumming non-stop this whole time?』
『だ、だって…はぁー…はぁー…力入んない…もう…無理ぃ……はぁ、はぁ…♡♡』=『I-I can't help it... haah... haah... my strength is all gone... I can't... anymore... haah, haah...♡♡』
『それでもいやらしいマン汁がどんどん溢れてきてチンポを欲しそうにしているよ？』=『But your pussy's still gushing out its slutty juices and craving my cock, you know?』
『バレちゃ…ダメって思ったら…勝手に…私……。はぁ、はぁ…ねぇ、まだ…シて…。はぁはぁ…』=『When I felt... the danger, my body... on its own.... haah, haah... hey, keep... doing me... haahaaah....』
『でも今日は４発もヌいてるし…おじさんも疲れたしなぁ…』=『But that was the 4th time today so... I'm starting to get tired too...』
『そんな…私…まだシたいのぉ…。もっと思いっきりヨガりたい…。はぁ、ふぅ…ぁ♡…はぁ…はぁ…♡』=『Don't say that... I want to... keep doing it... I want to let loose... haah, fuuh... ah♡ ...Haah... haah...♡』
『何がしたいんだい？ちゃんと言えないような子の相手はしたくないなあ』=『What do you want to do? I can't say I want to keep a girl who can't be honest with herself any more company for today.』
『…エ、エッチしたいのぉ…もっと…エッチ、シたいの…。いっぱい…してぇ…♡♡』=『...I-I want to have sex... lots more... sex.... do me... lots...♡♡♡』
『エッチ？莉乃ちゃんがしたいのはそんな甘い言い方のモンじゃないだろう？』=『"Sex"? What you really want isn't something that soft or sweet, is it?』
『…はぁ、はぁ♡っ…セックス…、ううん…こ、交尾したい…。おじさんと交尾したいの……』=『...Haah, haah♡ ...Screw me.... no... f-fuck me... I want you to fuck me...』
『さっきも言ったけど、おじさんはもう疲れたし動きたくないんだけどなぁ』=『I said it just then too but, I'm tired for today so I don't really wanna do much anymore.』
『わ、私が…私から動く。ズボズボするからぁ…。私が上になるから…お願い、エッチ……じゃなくて…交尾してぇ…♡』=『I--... I'll do the moving. I'll grind it inside me so... I'll get on top so... please, do... I mean... fuck me...♡』
『本当にいやらしいメスだ…。そんなにチンポを求められたら仕方ないなぁ』=『What a slutty bitch you are... it's hard to say no when you're craving my cock that badly.』
『じゃあ、おじさんに跨っていやらしくおねだりしてごらん』=『Then get on top of me, and beg like the slut you are.』
『はー、はー♡…私と、生ハメ交尾して、ください…♡私がチンポに跨ってドスケベ淫乱マンコで咥えるからズボハメさせてください…』=『Haah, haah♡... please fuck me, raw, like an animal....♡ Please let me ride on top and grind your cock inside my slutty pussy...』
『また息が荒くなって、発情してるねえ』=『Look at your breathing getting all rough. You're aroused, aren't you?』
『だってシたいんだもん。ハメたいのぉ…♡思いっきり腰を振って気持ちよくするから…はー♡はー♡♡…交尾穴におチンポ頂戴…♡』=『I can't help it, I want to do it so bad. I want to be fucked...♡ I'll shake my hips lots and make you feel really good so... haah♡ Haah♡♡♡... Let me stuff your cock in my bitch hole...♡』
『ちゃんとおねだりできていい子だ。挿入していいぞ。好きにハメ穴でチンポを貪ってごらん』=『Good girl. You know how to beg now. Feel free to put it in. Suck off my cock with your fuckhole as much as you please.』
『はぁー、はぁー…、じゃあ、挿れるね…♡はぁ…ぁ…』=『Haah, haah... then, I'm gonna do it...♡ Haah... ah...』
『あひぃぃぃーーっっ！！』=『Ahiiiiiih---!!』
『ははは、挿入だけでイッたか…』=『Hahahah, came just from putting it in, huh...』
『はぁっ……、あっ…、チッ……、チンッ、ッポ……、しゅごっ……、しゅご、いぃぃ……』=『Haah... ah... yo... your, cock... wow... it's amazhing...』
『んあっ、あっ♡あ"っ！♡んっ！っあっ…ああっん、あぅっ！あっあっ♡…あぅ！んぉっ！！』=『Nnah--, ah--♡ Agh--! ♡Nnn--! ..Ah--... Aahn--, auu--! Ah--, ah--♡ ...Auu! Nnogh--!!』
『狂ったみたいに腰を振りやがって…！』=『Shaking your hips like a madwoman...!』
『らって、気持ちっ…よしゅ、ぎっ♡んほっ！！お"っ、んぁっ！！チンポっ♡♡チンポっ！！』=『I can'ht herrp it, feelsh... whay too ghood♡ Nnhoh--!! Ogh--, nnoh--!! Cock--♡♡ Cock--!!』
『まるで昔みたいだなぁ…いや、昔よりずっとドすけべのビッチになちゃったねぇ』=『You're just like you used to be now... no, you've become a whole lot more of a sluttier bitch now, haven't you?』
『あっ、あ"っ！あっ♡当たる、奥♡…子宮口当たる！！いい、好き♡んあっ♡♡』=『Ah--, agh--! Ah--♡ Hitting, so deep♡ ...It's hitting my womb!! Good, I love this♡ Nnah--♡♡』
『受け答えも出来ない子にはもうチンポはやれないなあ』=『Sorry, but I can't give my cock to a girl that can't even respond.』
『やだっ、認める、認めるからっ、あっ、おっ！んあっ、あっ！！ああっ♡♡っぁ！』=『No--, I'll admit it, I'll admit it--, ah--, ogh--! Nnah--, ah--!! Aaah--♡♡ Ah!』
『ほら、言わないとやめちまうぞ？』=『C'mon, you gotta actually say it, or I'll stop, you know?』
『私、ビッチなの。チンポ狂いのビッチなのぉ…♡はぁ、はぁっ、おじさんのチンポが好きなのぉ♡♡♡』=『I'm a, bitch. A cock-crazed bitch...♡ Haah, haah--, I love your cock, uncle♡♡♡』
『昔もそう言っていたねえ。…やっと、戻ってきてくれて嬉しいよ』=『You used to say that back then too. ...I'm glad to see that you're back to your old self, Rino-chan.』
『これからもいっぱいシて、私と交尾してっ♡あっ、はっ、相手して欲しいのぉっ…♡♡』=『Fuck me lots and lots more from now on♡ Ah--, hah--, keep me company...♡♡』
『さぁて、どうしようかなぁ…？』=『Hmm, I don't know about that...』
『え…？な、何で…？…シ、シてよ…！シてぇ…』=『Eh...? W-Why...? ...D-Do me...! Do me...』
『あんなに想ってくれる彼氏君がいるのに本当にいいのかな？』=『But you've got a boyfriend who cares so much about you, you sure?』
『でも、おじさん…、はーっ…はーっ…お互いに…性欲を…んっ…解消する関係でいよう、って……』=『But, uncle... haah... haah... you're the one... who said that we should... nnn--... have a relationship of relieving each other's lust...』
『だけど、保健室で見た彼氏君のことをふっと思い出してねぇ…。あれは可哀想だったなぁ』=『Yeah but, I just remembered that poor guy I saw at the infirmary, you know... Really, so pitiful.』
『わ、私はシたいの、おじさんとしたいの…！もっと突いて！…おチンポで抉ってよぉ、はぁっはぁっ』=『I-I want to do it, I want to do it with you...! Pound me more! ...Dig me out with your cock, haah--, haah--』
『莉乃ちゃんは結局どっちが好きなのかなぁ？』=『In the end, who do you love more?』
『そ、それは…勿論…はーっはーっ…』=『T-That's... of course... haah--, haah--...』
『勿論…？』=『Of course...?』
『タ…タカく…彼氏の…ほう…が…』=『Ta... Taka-ku... my boy... friend...』
『んぉ"っ♡…おっ…っほ…♡』=『Nnogh--♡... Ogh--♡... Hoh...♡』
『も、もっとぉ…もっとそれ…シてぇ…♡♡しゅご…はぁはぁ、しゅごぃ…』=『M-More... do that... more...♡♡ Wow... haahaah, amazhing...』
『もっとシて欲しければ、おじさん専用の便器にならないともうやる気はないなぁ…』=『If you want me to do it more then, you'll have to become my personal cocksleeve, else I don't really feel like it~...』
『そ、そんな…っぁ、ィヤ…お願い…今のズンって…奥を思いっきりするの、お願いぃ…はぁっはぁっ…♡』=『N-No way... ah, no... please... what you did just then... do it hard, and deep, please... haah--, haah--...♡』
『タカ君とやらがいくら好きでも、あいつはここまで出来るのかな？莉乃ちゃんを満足させてくれるのかな？』=『No matter how much you like that Taka-kun or whatever chap, can he do what I'm doing? Can he satisfy you, Rino-chan?』
『っあっ…ぅっ…うう…っ、んあっ…』=『Ah--... uu... uuu... nnah--...』
『ほら、どうなんだい？』=『C'mon, which is it?』
『で、でも…あんっ…はぁ、はぁ…私のことっ…すごく大事に思って…くれてる、し……、ぁうっ』=『B-But... ahn--... haah, haah... he really... treasures me... and... auu--』
『へぇ…？』=『Hoh...?』
『んあ"ぁ"！！そ、それぇ…♡これが欲しいのぉ！！♡♡♡』=『Nnaaaghhh!! T-That...♡ That's what I want!!♡♡♡』
『これがまだ欲しいんなら、おじさんの肉便器になれって言ってるだろう？』=『And I'm telling you that if you still want more of this, then you gotta become my cocksleeve. Is that hard to understand?』
『で、でもっ、んはっ…ぁっ♡…っぁ…ああっ…タカ君は私を思ってて…私も…はぁっ、あっ♡あっ…♡』=『B-But--, nnhah--... ah--♡ ...Ah... aah--... he always thinks of me... and I also... haah--, ah--♡ Ah...♡』
『そう言いながら自分から腰を振ってズルするのはっ…どうなんだ！！？』=『You say that, but you're cheating on him while shaking your ass... what about that?!』
『んひいっっ♡♡…ダメっ、コレ…ダメんなるっ…♡♡♡私、タカ君がしゅきなのっ、にっ…♡んはぁっ♡』=『Nnhiih--♡♡ ...No--, this... it's gonna drive me nuts...♡♡♡ I love Taka-kuhn--, bhut....♡ Nnhaah--♡』
『彼氏君が好きなんて、他の男のチンポを根元まで咥えて何言ってんだよっ！』=『"I love my boyfriend", the hell are you saying while taking another man's cock all the way to your womb!?』
『んあああっ♡ダメッ、狂う♡ほんっとダメ…あっあっ♡♡ダメなの…にっ……もう…』=『Nnaaaah--♡ No--, I'll go nuts♡ I really will... ah--, ah--♡♡ I don't want... to... but...』
『もう、なんだ？もうおじさん専用肉便器になるって？』=『But, what? Gonna give in and become my personal cocksleeve?』
『ん"っぐぅう♡♡♡…なっ…なる…なりゅからぁ…♡♡っぁ、っは…はー♡…はー♡…気持ちい"ぃ…♡』=『Nnnggguuhh♡♡♡ ...I--... I will... I will shoooo...♡♡ Ah, hah... haah♡ ...Sho ghood...♡』
『何になるんだ？自分で言え、ほらっ！』=『What'll you become? Say it with your own mouth, c'mon--!』
『ん"お"っ♡…っあ…♡む、昔みたいにっ…おじさんのっ♡生ハメ肉便器になるぅ♡…はぁっ、はぁっ♡♡』=『Nnogh--♡ ...Ah...♡ I-I'll become your... personal raw sex cocksleeve♡ Just like back then, uncle♡ ...Haah--, haah--♡♡』
『そうかそうか、でも昔程度じゃ今となっちゃもう物足りないなぁ…』=『I see I see. But I'm afraid the way you used to be is not gonna be enough...』
『はぁっはぁっ♡…そ、そんなぁ…やめないでぇ…。もっと…もっとそれ、シて欲しいよぉ…。焦らひゃないれぇ…』=『Haah--, haah--♡... D-Don't say that... don't stop... more... do that, more... dohn't teash meee...』
『じゃあ、どうするんだ？』=『Then, what will you do?』
『なんでもする！昔出来なかったことも言われるまま全部するから、お願い！早くチンポでイかせてぇ…！』=『Anything! I'll do anything and everything you ask me to, even stuff I couldn't before, please! Make me cum with your cock...!』
『イきたいの、もう、もう無理なのっ…。はぁ、はぁっ、おじさん専用のなんでもする肉便器になるからっ！』=『I want to cum, I can't, I can't take it-... haah, haah--, I'll be your personal obedient cocksleeve so--!』
『なるから…？』=『So...?』
『はぁっはぁっ♡おじさんの逞しいぶっといチンポで肉便器マンコ思いっきりイかせてくださぃいっ…！！♡♡』=『Haah--, haah--♡ Please make this cocksleeve's pussy cum hard with your manly cock--....!!♡♡』
『おいおい、そんなんで彼氏に対して申し訳なくないのか？ほら、こうして欲しいんだろ？』=『Oi oi, don't you feel bad about your boyfriend, saying stuff like that? C'mon, this is what you want, no?』
『キたぁ♡…もうっ…♡いいの♡♡らって、このチンポじゃ、にゃいとっ…満足…っ出来なっ…あぅっ♡あっ♡あっ♡♡』=『That's it♡ ... I don't--...♡ Care anymore♡♡ I meahn, withouuut thisss, cock... I can't... ever feel... complete--... auu--♡ Ah--♡ Ah--♡♡』
『じゃあしっかり彼氏に謝りながら、俺の肉便器宣言してイきやがれ！！』=『Then make a declaration that you're my cocksleeve while apologizing to your boyfriend and cum!!]』
『ぁ♡んほっ♡おっ♡…あ"っ♡こんにゃ、淫乱オナホ彼女れ…んあっ♡ごめんなひゃぃ♡んぉっ♡…ひぐっ♡♡』=『Ah--♡ Nnhoh--♡ Ogh--♡ ...Agh--♡ Ihm shorrryy, for bheinggh shuch a shlutty... nnah--♡ Cohckshleeve ghirlfhrend♡ Nnogh--♡ ...Higuh--♡♡』
『ハメ汁噴きながら彼氏に謝って…そんなに気持ちいいのか、卑しいメス豚が！！もっと謝れ！』=『Squirting while apologizing to your boyfriend... does it feel that good, you filthy pig!? Apologize more!』
『あ"ひっ♡もうっ♡はぁっ、はぁ♡タカ君の粗チンじゃ満足っ出来にゃぃのっ♡♡お"っお"っ♡♡…おじさんの極太肉棒じゃなきゃっ…♡』=『Aghih--♡ I can't--♡ Haah--, haah♡ be shatishfied by your pathetic cock, Taka-kuhn--♡ Ogh--, ogh--♡♡ ...It's gotta be uncle's big fat one...♡』
『おマンコが満足しないのぉ♡ああっイクっ♡イクイク…ひゅごいのクるぅう♡♡…淫乱ビッチの莉乃をっ…許ひへぇえっ…♡♡♡』=『Else my pusshy won't accept it♡ Aaah--, cumming--♡ Cummingcumming... a huge one'sh cohming♡♡ ...Forghive thish... shlutty bitchhhh....♡♡♡』
『んあ"っ♡♡♡イギュ♡おじさん専用オナホマンコに♡♡チンポ咥えて……』=『Nnagh--♡♡♡ Ghumminngg♡♡ With uncle's cock, in his personal cocksleeve pussy♡♡...』
『イ"っ…ぐぅううっっ！！！♡♡♡♡』=『Cumm... innnggg!!!♡♡♡』
『んはー♡っは♡っは…♡んはっ♡はー…はー♡』=『Nnhaah♡ Hah♡ Haah...♡ Nnhah--♡ Haah... haah♡』
『おーい、莉乃ちゃん。大丈夫かい？』=『Oi, Rino-chan. You okay?』
『っはー♡っはー♡…んひっ♡…はひっ♡ら、らいじょう、ぶ…♡…はー、ぁはっ♡』=『Haah♡ Haah♡ ...Nnhih♡ ...Hahih♡ I-I amm...♡ ...Haah, ahah-♡』
『はーっ♡はーっ♡まら思いっひり…イっひゃった…♡はぁ♡はぁ♡んは♡…ぁ…♡♡』=『Haah♡ Haah♡ I cahme sho haahd... agaaihn...♡ Haah♡ Haah♡ Nnhah♡ ...Ah... ♡♡』
『痙攣して動きが一瞬止まったから心配したよ。莉乃ちゃんは日に日に絶頂の仕方がすごくなるねぇ…』=『You really worried me there, with all the spasming and the way you collapsed like a doll. Your orgasms really are getting more insane by the day...』
『はーはー♡らって、おじしゃんとすると…全身がヘンになっちゃうくらひ、気持ちいぃのぉ…♡♡はぁはぁ♡』=『Haahaah♡ I cahn't hehlp iiht, when I doo it with yoo... my body feelsh crazhy ghood...♡♡ Haahaah♡』
『そろそろ、ただのセックスには飽きてきたんじゃないか？新しくてもっと強い刺激が欲しくはないかい？』=『Aren't you getting tired of just the constant sex though? Don't you want more, stronger stimulation?』
『ふぅ、ふぅ…♡もっと…？もっと気持ちよくなれりゅの？欲しい♡ちょうらい♡はぁはぁ♡もっと気持ちよくなれるなら…どんなことでもしゅる♡♡♡』=『Fuuh, fuuh...♡ More...? It cahn feel better than thiss? I want it♡ Gimme♡ Haahaah♡ I'll do anything... if it'll make it feel better♡♡♡』
『そう言うと思ったよ…。もっと興奮して感じられるドスケベセックスには、莉乃ちゃんの協力も必要だから…』=『I was hoping you'd say that... after all, I'll need your cooperation if we are to have some even more arousing and perverted sex.』
『ほへぇ…？』=『Hoheeh...?』
『ねえ、タカ君。今からちょっと…新体操部の更衣室について来てくれる？』=『Hey, Taka-kun. Say, could you... come to my club's locker room with me for a bit?』
『おう、いいよ。でももう帰るんじゃねぇの？忘れものかなんかか？』=『Yeah, sure. But weren't we going home? Did you forget something there?』
『別にそういうわけじゃないけど…来て欲しいの』=『Not really, nothing like that... I just want you to come.』
『いいけど、って…何かあるのか？』=『Sure but... something up?』
『あのね…足の痛みも引いたって言ってたし……保健室の時より……もっと、２人の関係を進めたいの。だから、ついてきて…』=『It's, you know... you said your injury healed up, remember? ....So I want to progress... our relationship, even further, than we did in the infirmary. So come with me...』
あれからは、部活が終わると合流して、そのまま一緒に帰ってたけど…。……今日…ついに…！=After that day, we'd met up several times after club just to walk back home together but... finally... it's the day we...!
リノの新体操部の更衣室前に着くと、これから起こるであろうことに期待と股間が膨らむ。=As we arrived in front of her club's locker room, my crotch was swelling up out of anticipation.
男の俺が入れない、１度も足を踏み入れたことがない場所。=A place that a man could never enter. A place I'd never been in before.
…ここが今日、二人の特別な場所になるんだ…。=...And it was gonna serve as our special place for today...
『早く、入って…』=『Come inside...』
部長の莉乃が招き入れるということは、室内には他に誰もいないんだろう。=If Rino, the club president's the one inviting me in, then there's probably nobody else in there by now.
…頼むからコトが終わるまで誰も来るなよ。=...For the love of god, I hope nobody walks in until we're done.
『なあ、リノ…途中で誰か…顧問とか部員とか…来るんじゃないのか？』=『Hey, Rino... won't someone... like the advisor or another member... walk in midway?』
期待の分、邪魔が入る不安で尋ねてしまった。=I ended up asking out of worry, with how much I was boiling with excitement.
『大丈夫だよ。私が毎日最後まで居残りしてるんだから、いつ誰が来るか来ないかは知ってる。安心して』=『It's fine. I'm the last one to leave everyday, so I always know when someone's gonna come in. So don't worry.』
『そ、そっか…』=『I-I see...』
内心、よっしゃと思う。これで…本当にこれから２人きりで…この先に………=Internally though, I went "Alright!". With this... it really will be just the two of us... for the...』
『あの…タカ君。これからちょっと大胆なコト、しちゃうかもしれないけど…その、引かないで欲しいの』=『Uhm... Taka-kun. You might see me getting, a bit bold today but... uhm, don't get creeped out, okay?』
『えっ…あ…う、うん。お、俺、リノのする事なら大丈夫だからさ』=『Eh--... ah... o-okay. I-I'm fine with, anything you want to do, Rino.』
やっべえ、すげー期待してる…。ついに…俺…、俺…。=Damn, now I've got really high hopes... finally... I'll.... I'll....
『本当に驚かないでね…。私、…すっごく大好きだから…』=『Really, don't get shocked, okay? ...I really do love you so...』
『ふふ、タカ君…ちょっとじっとして…』=『Fufuh, Taka-kun... stay still...』
『う、うん…。ゴク…』=『O-Okay... *gulp*...』
『すぐ済むから……』=『I'll be done in no time...』
『…よい、しょ……』=『...There we, go...』
『え、あ……え？……し、縛るの…？？マジで？』=『Eh, ah... eh? ...Y-You're tying me up...?? Seriously?』
『…あ、これ…やっぱり、驚かせちゃってる…？』=『...Ah, I guess... it really is shocking, huh...?』
『あ、いや……だ、大丈夫…だと思う』=『Ah, no... i-it's fine... I think.』
『こんな私…イヤ……かな…？』=『Do you... not like... this side of me...?』
『い、…いや、あの…リノが…こ、こういうの好きなら俺、リノのこと好きだし…う、受け入れるよ…』=『N... No, uhm... if you... l-like this sort of thing then, I do love you so... I-I can accept it...』
『ふふ、嬉しい…。もうちょっと、待って…ね……？』=『Fufuh, I'm so happy... just wait a bit, longer... okay...?』
やばい…こんなことされてるのに、俺すげー勃ってる…。リノとついに…ついに…。=Damn... even though she's doing all this to me, I'm getting really hard... finally... I'll finally...』
……ん？=...Nn?
え…？=Eh....?
『莉乃ちゃん、足も縛らなくていいのかい？彼氏君…ショックで逃げ出しちゃうかもしれないよ？』=『Rino-chan, you sure you don't need to tie up his legs too? Your boyfriend... might get up and run away out of shock, you know?』
『……は？？』=『...Haah??』
声のする方を振り返って……絶句した。=I turned my head towards the voice... and was rendered speechless.
『えー。だっておじさん、逆にこうしとかないと…逃げないからこそ認めたってことにならないじゃない？』=『Eh~. but uncle. This is better, see... it's only if he doesn't run away, that it'll mean he's truly accepted me, no?』
『えっ…えっ…？？』=『Eh--... eeh--....??』
…なんで用務員のおっさんが……。見回り…？いや、でも…リノの言ってることは……=...Why's the custodian.... patrolling...? No, but... Rino's...
『やあ、…えっとタカシ君だっけか？莉乃ちゃんの言うことに素直に従ってて、キミも偉いねぇ』=『Hey there. ...Erhm, was it "Takashi"? You're a great guy, Takashi-kun, following your girlfriend's instructions so obediently.』
『それにぃ、タカ君ならどんな私でも受け入れてくれるってさっき言ってたもん、逃げないよ。大丈夫だよね？ふふ…』=『Plus~, he said that he'd accept me no matter what sort of a girl I was, so he won't run away. So it's fine, right? Fufuh....』
『っリ…ノ…これは…一体………？』=『Ri... no... what is... this...?』
…どうなってんだ…？頭が混乱して、口がカラカラで…声がでない……。=...What's even going on....? My head's a mess, and my mouth's all dry... I can't even get the words out....
『あのね…タカ君。怒らないで聞いて欲しいことがあるの。ずっと内緒にしてたこと…。言いにくいんだけど…』=『You see... Taka-kun. Don't get mad and listen to me, okay? There's something I've been hiding from you... it's a really hard secret to tell but...』
どういうことだ…どういう……っ…=What is this... what is....
『あのね、…私、ここ１ケ月ぐらい毎日…ずぅーっと、このおじさんとパコパコ生ハメセックスしてるの』=『You see... for the last month, I've had... raw bareback sex with this uncle here every single day.』
『は？…え…？？』=『Hah? ...Eh...???』
リノ…え？…え？？…は？…何…言って………。=Rino... eh? ...Eh?? ...Hah? ... What... are you...
『ははは、いきなりでビックリしたかな？でもそんなに気を落とさないで。』=『Hahahah, was that too much in one sentence? But don't be so upset.』
『１ケ月前…久しぶりに再会したときの莉乃ちゃんはキミのことを随分気にかけててねえ…』=『A month ago... when I finally met Rino-chan again, she always had you and only you on her mind, you see...』
『おじさんの誘いをずっと断っていたんだよ』=『She always refused me, every single time, you know?』
『ま、断ってただけで…しっかり頂いちゃったけどね。今ではあの頃みたいに仲良くさせてもらってるよ』=『Well, with her mouth anyway... but she accepted me in the end each time. And now we're getting along just like we used to back then.』
『あの…頃…？？』=『Back... then...??』
『急にこんなこと言われても信じられないかもしれないけど莉乃ちゃんとおじさんはね…ずっと昔にヤりまくってた仲なんだよ』=『It might be hard to believe with how out of nowhere it is but, you see, she and I... used to have lots and lots of sex everyday, a long time ago.』
『ちょっ、そんな…？！…昔…から…だなんて』=『Wha--, no way...!? ...From... long... ago?』
『そう。もうずっと昔だよ。まだタカ君と付き合う前。…５年前にね』=『Yep. A long time ago. Before you and her even knew each other. ...About 5 years ago or so.』
『おじさんがまだ幼さの残る可愛い莉乃ちゃんを犯しちゃったんだ。まぁ最初は抵抗していたんだけど』=『Back then, I pushed myself down on the cute and innocent Rino-chan. Though she did resist at first.』
『えっ、えっ？…リノ……レ、レイプされ…そんなの…でも、でもっ…』=『Eh--, eh--? ...Rino... g-got raped... no way... but, but--...』
『うん、無理やり小さいおマンコにズボハメされちゃって、痛くて怖くて泣いちゃったけど……。でもね…どんどん』=『Yeah, he forced his cock into my small and tight pussy, and it hurt so much, I was so scared that I started crying... but you know... slowly...』
『気持ちよくなっちゃったんだよねぇ？』=『It started feeling really good, didn't it~?』
『うん。おじさんが、色んなコトを私に教えてくれて…エッチなコト…いっぱい仕込まれちゃって…』=『Yeah. You taught me so much... trained my body... in all sorts of lewd ways...』
『リ、リノ…っ…』=『R-Rino...』
『私、自分からおじさんのおマンコ奴隷になってたの。肉便器っていうのかな…？でもすっごく気持ちよくて』=『I ended up becoming his sex slave out of my own volition. I guess you'd call it a "cocksleeve"...? But well, it felt so good.』
『ごめんね、タカ君。オマンコや口マンコだけじゃなくてアナル処女もおじさんに奪われちゃって…私、ケツ穴イキまで出来ちゃうの…』=『Sorry, Taka-kun. It wasn't just my pussy or my mouthpussy's virginity either, he even took my anal virginity... I can even cum from my asshole...』
『あの時は、莉乃ちゃんに男が出来るなんて考えてもいなかったからなぁ。いやあ、全穴の処女を奪ってしまって、悪かったねえ』=『I mean, back then I didn't even consider that you might get another man someday. Man, I'm sorry, Takashi-kun, for taking all her virginities.』
『っ…っ…リ…っ…』=『--! ....--! ....Ri...--!...』
『おじさんのぶーっといチンポがお尻の穴に出たり入ったりするなんて思ってもなかったし…気持ちよくなかったし』=『I never thought his fat cock would go in and out of my but... and it didn't feel good at all at first.』
『でも突然、背筋にすっごくゾクゾクが走って…アナルにチンポ入れられたまま思いっきり絶頂しちゃったんだ』=『But then suddenly, a huge shiver ran down my spine... and I climaxed with all my might with his cock still up my anus.』
『あの時はすごかったなぁ…。過呼吸みたいになって…アヘ顔っていうのかな？目も白目をむきそうな下品な表情で何分もビクンビクンしていたねえ』=『I remember, that really was something... You were almost hyperventilating... with an "ahegao" face, as the kids would call it. You twitched for several minutes straight, with that nasty expression and your eyes rolled back.』
『うっ……嘘は、やめろぉおっ！！！』=『C--... Cut it out with the lies already--!!!』
『っ…？！』=『--...!?』
『…あ？』=『...Ah?』
『さっきから、っ嘘ばっかり、嘘八百並べ立てやがって！俺のリノはそんなんじゃない、そんなことしてないっ！』=『Spitting out one lie after another like that! My Rino's not like that, she'd never do that--!』
『…っ？…く、プ…ふふ、ァハハ…嘘だなんて…』=『...--? ...Kh, pf... fufuh, ahahah... lies?...』
『ははは、信じられないのも無理はないけど…いやあ、これが嘘じゃないんだよなあ』=『Hahahah, I mean, I get it, it sounds unbelievable... but man, it really is true though.』
『嘘だ、嘘を言うな！リノに、俺のリノに…！！この前っ…はぁっはぁっ、この前だって…』=『It's not, don't lie! Rino, my Rino would...!! Just--... haah--, haah--, just the other day...』
『この前…？』=『The other day...?』
『この前だってっ…保健室で…っ、俺のことっ…っ…フェ……かっ、看病してくれたじゃないかっ…』=『Just the other day... at the infirmary...--, she b... ble--... n-nursed me--....』
『んー…フェラはしたけどぉ…でもその前、タカ君が怪我した時…私…おじさんと生ハメしてたんだよね』=『Nnn~... I did blow you, for sure... but before that, when you got injured... I was... having raw sex with uncle, you know?』
『っ……！！』=『--....!!』
『こらこら、莉乃ちゃん。流石にそれは教えてやったら可哀想だろう？』=『C'mon now, Rino-chan. Even I'm starting to feel bad here.』
『ごめんね。でも本当だし、フェラした時も…おじさんのチンポと比べて、タカ君のって…あまりに小さくて……』=『Sorry. It's true though. And even when I did blow you... your cock was just... way too small compared to his...』
『っな…！！』=『--Wha...!!』
『でも、タカ君のチンポもちゃんとおいしかったよ？』=『But your cock was really tasty too, you know?』
『タカ君が寝ちゃった後、おじさんとのガチハメでちょっと印象薄いけどね…』=『But well, after you fell asleep, he really rawdogged me so it kinda erased most of the impression I had of it...』
『そっ、そんな…！！あれ、俺の夢じゃ…』=『N--, no way...!! That wasn't, a drea...』
『はぁ…ん…、タカ君の寝てる横でシたの…思い出したらムラムラしてきちゃった…おマンコ疼いてきちゃってる』=『Haah... nnn.... the things we did next to you while you were dozing off... just thinking back to them is making me horny... my pussy's throbbing so much.』
『信じられないタカシ君のために、そうさなぁ…何か見せて証明してあげようか？』=『Since he really can't believe any of this, let's see... should we prove it to him, somehow?』
『んー…そうね、それ…いいかも…♡おじさん…来て。私を気持ちよくシて…？』=『Nn... yeah, that might be... nice...♡ Hey uncle... come. Make me feel good...?』
『ああ』=『Sure thing.』
『んっ♡…あっ…んあんっ♡っぁ、っは…んぅ♡』=『Nn--♡ ...Ah--... nnahn--♡ Ah, hah... nn♡』
『はぁ…んっ♡…ぁ…ほらぁ、タカ君が触りたがってたおっぱい…見てぇ♡私…乳首すっごく敏感なのぉ…』=『Haah... nn--♡ ...Ah... look, the boobs you wanted to touch so bad, Taka-kun... look♡ My nipples... are so sensitive...』
『どうだ？キミの彼女はすごい淫乱だろう？彼氏の前で他の男に愛撫されてヨガってるんだ』=『So, what do you think? Your girlfriend's a real slut, isn't she? She's being fondled by another man in front of her boyfriend and loving it.』
信じられない光景に…縛られていない足すら固まって１ミリも動けない…。見たくないのに見入ってしまう。=It was such an unbelievable sight... even my unrestrained legs refused to move even a single millimeter... I didn't want to see it, yet I couldn't help but look.
『はぁ、あんっ♡…おじさぁん、もっとぉ♡もっとエロ乳揉みしだいてぇ…♡』=『Haah, ahn--♡ ...Uncle, more~♡ Rub my slutty tits more...♡』
『もう乳首がカチカチに勃起してるじゃないか…』=『What a slut, your nipples are already so erect...』
『はぁはぁ…だって、おじさんの指使い、やらしくて…気持ち…よすぎる…っからぁ♡あっ、はぁっ♡あん…』=『Haahaah... I can't help it, your fingers are so naughty... it feels... way too... good♡ Ah--, haah--♡ Ahn...』
『っ…っ…く…』=『--! ...--! ...Kuh...』
『あ…んあ…はぁ、はぁ…んあ…あんっ…はぁ…♡んんっ♡…ぁあんっ…っぉ…んあ♡』=『Ah... nnah... haah, haah... nnah... ahn--... haah....♡ Nnn--♡ ...Aahn--... ogh... nnah--♡』
『熱い…♡…ね、タカ君も汗かいちゃってるよね？ちょっと上…脱いじゃおう？』=『It's so hot...♡ ...Hey, you're sweating too, aren't you, Taka-kun? Let's... get your top off?』
『やめ…リノ、っ…』=『Sto--... Rino--....』
『おや？タカシ君、泣きべそをかいてないか？』=『Oh? Takashi-kun, are you about to cry?』
『はぁ、ぁ…おじさん、タカ君はそこまで弱虫じゃないよ。あ、でもちょっと辛そうかも…んんぅ♡そこイイ…♡』=『Haah, ah... Uncle, Taka-kun isn't that much of a coward, you know? Ah, but he does look pretty miserable... nnn♡ Ah, right there...♡』
『リノ、悪い冗談…もうやめてくれよ…』=『Rino, please just... stop this terrible joke...』
『小さいチンポ、勃起したら…慰めてあげるからね…♡はぁ、はぁ…今はそこで見ててぇ♡』=『If your, small cock gets hard... I'll comfort it, okay?...♡ Haah, haah... just watch from over there for now♡』
『あっ、んっ♡…は…ふぅ♡…ぁっ…あっ♡おじさん専用になってる割れ目、濡れてきちゃった…』=『Ah--, nn--♡ ...Hah... fuh♡ ...Ah--... ah--♡ Uncle's personal little hole, is getting all wet...』
『リノ…本当に…っ…っ…』=『Rino... seriously...--! ...--!...』
『あれぇ、でもタカ君なんだかんだで…ふふっ…やっぱり勃起しちゃってるね』=『Huh, in the end, Taka-kun... fufuh--... you really are pitching a tent~』
『ん？おっ勃ててるのか？…ははは、あまりに控えめ過ぎて気が付かなかったよ』=『Nn? Oh--, is he now? ...Hahahah, it's so modest I didn't even notice.』
『はぁはぁ♡おじさんと私の関係を知って…何シてたか想像して…ふふ、興奮しちゃったんだ♡…”変態”だね』=『Haahaah♡ Now that you know of our relationship... you're imagining what we got up to... fufuh, and that got you aroused, huh♡ ...What a "pervert".』
『っく…っぅ……っ…』=『Kuh.... uu...--!...』
『こぉんなに小さいのに、それで完全に勃起してるの？保健室で見た時も思ったけど…ホント小さい』=『Is it really fully erect, even though it's so small? You know, I had this thought back at the nurse's office too but... it really is small.』
『確かにそんな短小じゃ、ドスケベな莉乃ちゃんは到底満足させられないなぁ…』=『For sure, with a cock that small, he could never satisfy your slutty ass, Rino-chan...』
『初めてフェラしてあげた時、タカくんは喜んでたけど…はぁ、ふぅ…♡私、小さいな、不安だなって思ってて…。でもそれは初めてだから緊張してるのかなって…』=『When I gave you your first blowjob, I know you loved it but... haah, fuh...♡ I was really anxious, about the size... I thought that maybe you were just nervous but...』
『それでも莉乃ちゃんはチンポ中毒だからがっついていたねぇ…』=『But you're such a cock addict, you still glued yourself to it...』
『み、見てたのかよ…っ…っ…』=『W-Were you watching--....! ...--!...』
『私がやっと興奮し始めた時に、すっごく早く射精しちゃって…ほんとガッカリしちゃった』=『I'd only just started getting into it, when you went and ejaculated... it was seriously disappointing.』
『リ…リノ…そんな…俺…リノのこと、大事にしたく…って…』=『R--... Rino... I... wanted to, treasure you...』
『大事とかそういうコトじゃなくて、ともかく小さくて全然ダメなの…。んあっ♡んっ♡おっぱいでイきそ…♡』=『Whether you did or not doesn't matter, it's just too small for me... Nnah--♡ Nn--♡ I might cum just from my boobs...♡』
『さぁ、莉乃ちゃん。キミの短小彼氏君、声が震えている割にはギンギンだし…そのまんまも酷だろうから…』=『C'mon now, Rino-chan. Even though his voice is quivering, your boyfriend's modest cock's still rock hard... he's probably miserable like that so...』
『そうだな、足でシてあげたらどうだい？』=『Let's see, why don't you rub him off with your feet?』
『…ぁ、足…？！』=『...F-Feet...?!』
『はぁい♡はぁはぁ…♡仕方ないなぁ。でもこんな状況でも全然萎えないから、そこはちょっと見直したかも。変態って意味で♡』=『Okay~♡ Haahaah...♡ It can't be helped. But he's not going soft at all even in this situation, so I've got a new opinion of him now. A perverted one♡』
『んっ…っは…』=『Nn--... hah...』
『やだっ…本当にちっさーい。なのに一人前に勃起して…熱くて…反り返ってぇ…♡』=『Gosh--... it really is so small. And yet it's completely erect... and so hot... and arching too...♡』
『はーっはーっ♡…えい…えい…シコシコ♡…って…ふふ…あはは…カワイイ、このチンポ、んっ♡んっ♡』=『Haah, haah♡ ...Ei... ei... rubrub♡ ...Fufuh... ahahah... this cock's so cute, nn--♡ Nn--♡』
『確かにコレは小さいねぇ。莉乃ちゃんのおマンコはおじさんのチンポで広がってるから、挿入したらガバガバじゃないかな？』=『That really is small, for sure. Your pussy's already been thoroughly stretched out by my cock so, won't it be too loose for his?』
『ひどーい、おじさんのオチンポ型になちゃっただけだもん。…でもタカ君は童貞だから、それでもすぐ射精しちゃうよ』=『That's so mean~, it's not stretched out at all, it's just taken your shape♡ ...But Taka-kun's a virgin, so he'd ejaculate instantly anyway.』
『前の保健室で出した時みたいにすごく早く、ね？タカ君』=『Just like the last time in the nurse's office, right, Taka-kun?』
『うっ…あ……ぁっ…』=『Uu... ah... ah--...』
『はぁ、はぁ…♡まだっ硬くなってく…大きさは全然だけど硬さだけは褒められるかな。すごいよ、タカ君♡』=『Haah, haah...♡ It's still getting harder... the size isn't passable at all but, the hardness is pretty damn good. That's amazing, Taka-kun♡』
『っう、っうう…っ……っ…』=『Uu, uuu...--! ....--!...』
『莉乃ちゃんは足でチンポを喜ばせるのも上手なんだね。おじさんはそんなこと教えてないのになあ』=『You're really good at using your feet for that, Rino-chan. I never taught you that, I'm pretty sure.』
『ふふ、元からなのかも♡足なら小さいタカ君にぴったり合わせてあげられるし…。くすっ、よかった♡♡』=『Fufuh, it might just come naturally to me♡ Plus, they're perfect for Taka-kun's small cock so... *giggle*, it's great♡♡』
『っぁ…ぅ…あっ…あっ…っく…』=『Ah.... uu... ah--... ah--... kuh...』
『やだっ、ガマン汁垂れてきてる…。やらしー…♡ふふ、もっともっと出させてあげるね♡♡っは、っは…』=『Gosh--, your pre-cum's dripping out... so lewd...♡ Fufuh, I'm gonna milk out some more, okay?♡♡ Hah, hah...』
『リ…ノ…やめ…っ、出…、っぁ…』=『Ri... no... sto--... don.... ah...』
『ほらほら♡…どう？気持ちいい？カウパーローションの足マンコだよ？』=『C'mon, come on♡.... How is it? You like it? My footjob using your pre-cum as a lotion?』
『ぁっ、で、っる…やめ…ぅあ…あっ、あっ…』=『Ah--, cu--...mm... sto.... ah... ah--, ah--...』
『んっもう、ほんと、変態～♡ビックビクして…んっ♡まさか、もうこんなので射精しちゃうの？ンフフ』=『Nn, jeez~, you're such a perv♡ Twitching like that... nn--♡ No way, are you gonna ejaculate from just this? Nnfufuh』
『でもまだ出しちゃダ～メ♡せっかくするんだもん。もっと楽しまなくちゃ。ね、タカ君♡♡』=『But no cumming just yet for you~♡ We went out of our way to set this up. So enjoy this more, okay, Taka-kun?♡♡』
『あ、っぁ…うっ、うぅ…』=『Ah--, ah... uu, uuu...』
『ずっと私とシたかったんでしょ？いっぱい我慢したら、素敵なご褒美…あげられるかもしれないよ…？』=『You've wanted to do it with me forever, no? If you do your best to endure, I might just... give you a wonderful reward, you know...?』
『ふぅーふぅー♡こんなチンポでも沢山射精しちゃうんだ…♡ふふっ…私も結構興奮しちゃった…』=『Fuuh, fuuh♡ Even with a cock like this, you can still ejaculate a lot, huh...♡ Fufuh--... I'm pretty aroused too now...』
『うっ…ううっ…っく…っぅ…』=『Uu--... uuu--... kuh... uu...』
『莉乃ちゃん、目がトロンとしているよ』=『Rino-chan, your eyes are glazed over, you know.』
『だって…やっぱり精子の匂いって疼いちゃう…♡小さい割には量は出てるし…』=『I can't help it... the smell's making me throb...♡ He's cumming so much too, for such a small cock...』
『はぁはぁ♡おじさん、私もう我慢出来なくなっちゃった。こんなので興奮するなんて変態になっちゃったかも♡』=『Haahaah♡ I can't take it anymore, uncle. I might have become the sort of pervert that enjoys stuff like this♡』
『莉乃ちゃんはおじさんが昔に躾けた時からド淫乱の変態だっただろう？』=『Haven't you been a slutty pervert since I trained you?』
『もう、ひどぉい。疼くと我慢できないの…♡タカ君とは大違いのおじさんのデカチンポ、挿入[い/1]れて…？』=『Jeez, so mean~. I just can't take it when my body starts throbbing...♡ Put your huge cock, which is night and day compared to his, into me...?』
『や、やめろ、やめてくれ！正気に戻ってくれよ…！』=『S-Stop it, stop it! Come to your senses...!』
『正気…？私の足コキでみっともなく早漏した変態のくせに？』=『Senses...? Is that really what's coming out of the mouth of a pervert who just blew his load so pathetically quickly under my foot?』
『まあまあ。莉乃ちゃん、おじさんのチンポを発情マンコに咥えさせてあげるから…』=『Now now, Rino-chan. Here, I'll let you take my cock up your horny pussy so...』
『彼氏君をいじめるのはその辺にして、早く服を脱ぎなさい』=『Stop bullying the poor guy and take off your clothes already.』
『うん！』=『Okay!』
『リ…リノっ！！そ、そんな恰好………っ』=『R... Rino--!! W-What are you...--』
『ほら、おじさんに欲しがりマンコがよく見えるようにして』=『C'mon, let me get a good look at that greedy pussy of yours.』
『はぁぃ♡♡じゃあ、早くぅ…♡もう、ヌルッヌルなの…♡テカってる割れ目…見てぇ…♡♡っふーふー♡』=『Okayyy♡♡ C'mon, hurry up...♡ I'm already so wet...♡ Look at my... glistening slit...♡♡ Fuufuuh♡』
『リノ、本当にやめてくれ…頼む…！』=『Rino, stop it, seriously... I'm begging you...!』
『はぁ…一応彼氏の目の前なのに、他のチンポを躊躇いなくねだるとは、とんだビッチだなぁ…』=『Haah... begging for my cock without a bit of hesitation, even though your boyfriend's right there, what a bitch you've grown into...』
『はあ、はあ…そういう風にしたのはおじさんだよ…？』=『Haah, haah... you're the one who made me like this, you know...?』
『ははは、そういやそうだったな。よし、責任を取ってしっかりと彼氏のタカシ君に見せつけてやるか！』=『Hahahah, I did, did I? Alright, guess I'll take responsibility and put on a good show for your boyfriend!』
『はぁ…♡はぁ…♡はぁ…♡♡っん…はぁ…♡おじさん…早くぅ…♡』=『Haah...♡ Haah...♡ Haah...♡♡ Nn... haah...♡ C'mon, uncle... quickly...♡』
『莉乃ちゃん、いつもしてるみたいにおねだりしてごらん』=『Rino-chan, try begging like you usually do.』
『はぁい♡』=『Okayy♡』
『嘘だろ…いつもって…そんな…』=『You're kidding... "usually"?... No way...』
『はぁ、はぁ♡２穴とも開発済みの…チンポ中毒メス穴にぃ…おじさんの、種付けする気満々のデカマラ…』=『Haah, haah♡ Please stuff your cock... that's raring to fertilize... both of my fully trained holes...』
『思いっきり根元までブチ込んでください♡…はぁ♡はぁ♡私のおマンコはおじさん専用のチンポケースだから…』=『Right into me, all the way to the base♡ ...Haah♡ Haah♡ My pussy's nothing but a holder for your cock so...』
『気が済むまで精子をコキ捨てるつもりで、好きなだけ気持ちよくなるために使ってぇ…♡』=『Use it as much as you want to feel good, and dump all your sperm into it, until you're satisfied...♡』
『リ……リノぉ……っ……』=『Ri... Rino....』
『よぉし、よく言えたな。そうだ、今日はこれで何回目のセックスか、タカシ君に教えてあげなさい』=『Alright, good girl. Ah, right. Tell Takashi-kun just how many times we've had sex today.』
『えぇ、まだなのぉ？…はぁい♡今日おじさんとハメるのは多分６回目かな？ヤリ過ぎて途中から覚えてないの♡』=『Eeh, you're not putting it in? ...Fine~♡ I guess this'll be our 6th time fucking today? We've done it so much I kinda don't remember♡』
『リノ…リノ…っ……嘘って…言えよ…言ってくれよっ…』=『Rino... Rino... you're... say you're lying... say...』
『おじさんも何回莉乃ちゃんに出したかは、流石に多すぎて覚えてないなぁ。ははは』=『I don't remember how many times I've creampied her either, we've done it so much already, hahahah.』
『じゃあ、そろそろブチ込んでやろう』=『Then, I guess it's about time.』
『はーっ♡はーっ♡…き、来てぇ…♡』=『Haah♡ Haah♡ ...C-Come...♡』
『んおっ♡…あああっ…！！』=『Nnogh--♡ ...Aaah--...!!』
『っぁ"、っは♡…おじさんのぶっとくておっきいチンポ、ぐしょぐしょマンコに来たぁっ♡♡』=『Agh, hah--♡ ...Your big and fat cock, is going up my soppy wet pussy♡♡♡』
『あ♡…む、無理…イク、ダメ、来ただけでイっちゃうぅ♡イク♡イク♡♡…イッ……ッ！！！』=『Ah♡ ...I-I can't... cumming, no, I'm gonna cum just from it going in♡ Cum♡ Cum♡ Cumm♡♡ ...Cu--....!!!』
『イッグぅ"ううっっ～～～！！♡♡♡』=『Cumminnnnnngggg~~!!♡♡♡』
『おおっ、締まる締まる…また挿入[い/2]れただけでイっちまったか…』=『Ooogh--, so tight... you really came just from me putting it in, again, huh?....』
『ッハ♡ッハ♡♡っぉ、おじさんのチンポ…すごいっ…♡最ッ高…♡♡はーっ♡っはー♡♡』=『Hah♡ Hah♡♡ Y-Your cock's... amazing...♡ It's the best...♡♡ Haah♡ Haah♡♡♡』
『……リっ…ノ…っぅ、っぅ…』=『...Ri--... no... uu, uu...』
『はーっ、んぉ♡…っはー♡♡』=『Hah--, nnoh♡ ...Haah♡♡♡』
『ほら、もっと気持ちよくしてやるぞ』=『C'mon, I'll make it even better.』
『してえ…♡はぁはぁはぁ…♡♡♡』=『Do it...♡ Haahaahaaah...♡♡♡』
『おらっ！』=『There--!』
『あっ♡あ"っ♡ああっ、ひあっ♡んぉっ♡あひっ♡おっ、んぉ♡んっ、んんっ♡っぁ、っぁ…あっ』=『Ah--♡ Agh--♡ Aaah--, hyah--♡ Nnoh--♡ Ahih--♡ Ogh--, nnoh♡ Nn--, nnn--♡ Ah, ah... ah--』
『リノ…ぉ…っ…っ……っ…リノ…っ…』=『Rino... --! ....--! ...--! ...Rino...』
『見事なふわとろマンコになりやがって…。メス穴で男を誘う最低の女だけどオナホとしては最高だよ』=『What a stupidly soft and melty pussy... you're the worst excuse of a woman for tempting men with those holes of yours but, as an onahole you're the best around for sure.』
『んあっ、もっとぉ♡っあっあ♡あ"っあ"あ"っ…奥までカリでゴリュゴリュしてぇえ♡んあっんあっ♡』=『Nnah--, more♡ Ah--, ah--♡ Agh--, aghagh--... grind out my depthsssh♡ Nnah--, nnah--♡』
『やめっ…っ…やめ、て…っ…く…れっ…！もうっ…もう…っぁ…ぁあ…』=『Sto--... sto, p...  i... t--...! I--... I... ah... aah...』
『おマンコ削れるぅ♡んおっ♡おっ♡おじさんのチンポケースになってりゅ…！！♡♡あっお"っ♡あああっ…！！』=『My pussy's gonna get ground down♡ Nnoh--♡ Ogh--♡ I really am turning into nothing but your cock holder...!! ♡♡Ah--, ogh--♡ Aaah--...!!』
『よし、彼氏君にしっかりと種付けするところを見てもらおうじゃないか』=『Alright, let's have your boyfriend get a good luck as I fertilize you.』
『来て、せーし、精子♡チンポじりゅ♡一番奥にいっぱいっ♡ぶりゅぶりゅ出ひへぇっ♡見て、タカ君見ててぇっ♡♡』=『Do it, sperm, sperm♡ Dick milkk♡ Deep insidee♡ Pump in lotsh of it♡ Look, Taka-kun, looook--♡♡♡』
『リノ…ッ…嫌だっ、やめろ、やめてくれっ…やめっ…』=『Rino--... I don't want to--, stop it, please stop--... sto--...』
『タカ君っ♡おじさんに子宮マーキングされるとこっ♡見てぇえっ！！！♡♡っぁ、イクっ♡種ちゅけれ…』=『Taka-kun♡ Look at me♡ Watch as he marks my womb--!!♡♡ Ah, I'm gonna--♡ Cum from being ferhtilished...』
『ッイ"っグぅううっ～～～っ！！！♡♡♡』=『Cumminnggggggg~~~!!!♡♡♡』
『っはー♡っはー♡♡はぁ、はぁ…はぁ♡んぁっ♡はぁはぁ、はぁ♡あっ…♡はあ…はあ…♡』=『Haah♡ Haah♡♡♡ Haah, haah... haah♡ Nnah--♡ Haahaah, haah♡ Ah--...♡ Haah... haah...♡』
『ほら、莉乃ちゃん…みっともなく震えてないで…タカシ君を見てごらん…？』=『C'mon, Rino-chan... stop twitching so pathetically... take a look at Takashi-kun, will you...?』
『ふぇ、ぇ…？』=『Fueh, eh...?』
『…っぅ…ううぅっ…』=『...Uu... uuu...』
『あれぇ…タカ君、もひかひへ…はひっ♡…はぁ…♡さっき出たのに、また勃ってぅ…？はあはあ…』=『Huh... Taka-kun, already... hahih--♡ ...Haah...♡ Even though you just came, you're erect again...? Haahaah...』
『泣いてるのにギンギンみたいだよ』=『Even though he's crying, his cock looks rock hard.』
『っぷ…ふふ…うふ、ぁはは…♡っはー…はー♡』=『Pff... fufuh... ufuh, ahahah...♡ Haah... haah♡』
『な、莉乃ちゃん。タカシ君は彼女が寝取られるところを目の当たりにしても興奮してるみたいだよ』=『Say, Rino-chan. Looks like Takashi-kun here got excited after seeing you get taken in front of his eyes.』
『ね…タカ君♡はーはー♡これで私が…おじさんのモノって本当に分かって信じてくれたでしょ…？』=『Hey... Taka-kun♡ Haahaah♡ With this... you finally understand and believe, that I really am his, right...?』
『…っく…くそ…ッくそ！！なんで…なんで…！！！俺……俺…』=『...Kuh.... fuck... fuck!! Why... why...!! I... I...』
『おや、何か言いたいことでもあるのかな？』=『Oh, is there something you wanna say?』
『ねぇ、タカくぅん…私のコト、嫌になっちゃった…？ふふ♡……はぁ♡…はぁ…♡♡』=『Hey, Taka-kunnn... do you hate me now...? Fufuh♡ ...Haah♡ ...Haah...♡♡』
『俺…リノ…の…っ…こと…っ……っ…』=『Rino... I... I....--』
『…？なんだろうねえ、莉乃ちゃん』=『...? I wonder what he's trying to say.』
『なにかなぁ♡…はぁ、はぁ…♡』=『What is it~?♡ ...Haah, haah...♡』
『み…認めるっ…っか、ら……認め、る…から………………俺にも…俺にも…ヤらせて…くれっ…』=『I... I accept--... it... I acce, pt it... so...................... let me... let me... do it... too-....』
『おやおや…』=『Oh?...』
『うっそぉ…！！！あははっ…』=『No way...!! Ahahah--...』
『これはこれは…。莉乃ちゃんが彼女なら、彼氏も彼氏だなぁ…これはたまげた。どうする？莉乃ちゃん？』=『Now this is... you two really are a match made in heaven... color me surprised. What do you say, Rino-chan?』
『…あー、でもぉ、私、おじさんの専用便器だからぁ…許可がないと出来ないの♡♡』=『...Ah~, but~, I'm your personal cocksleeve so... I can't do it without your permission♡♡』
『っく………』=『Kuh....』
『ああ、確かにそうだねぇ。どうしようかなぁ』=『Right, now that you say it. Let's see then.』
『うーん、そんなにおじさん専用の肉便器彼女とセックスしたいのかい？』=『Nnnn, do you really want to have sex with your private cocksleeve of a girlfriend that badly?』
『…っ…たい……し…たい…っで…す……っ…』=『....Do... I... do... ple... ase...』
『えー…私、本当におじさん専用なのにぃ？♡』=『Eh... even though I'm supposed to be only for your use~?♡』
『はははは、可愛い莉乃ちゃんだなぁ。仕方ない。…よし、じゃあアナルなら特別に許してやろうか』=『Hahahahah, you're so cute, Rino-chan. It can't be helped. ...Alright, just this once, I'll allow him to use your asshole.』
『はぁ…はぁ…ぅう…はぁ…』=『Haah... haah... uu... haah...』
『え、タカ君…初めてがお尻の穴なんかでいいの？』=『Eh, Taka-kun... you sure you're fine with your first time being up in my butthole?』
『…したい…俺、リノと…したい…んだ…っ…。…っ…うっ…ううっ…』=『...I am... I want to, do it... with you... Rino... uu... uuu...』
『やだ、私、興奮してまた濡れてきちゃった♡♡２人同時なんて初めてで、子宮震えちゃう…♡』=『Gosh, I'm getting even wetter♡♡ It'll be my first time taking two at once, my womb's quivering...♡』
『ううっ…なんで…こんな…俺………』=『Uuu--... why... am I... how did...』
『三人でヤるなら奥へ行こうか。広い方が思いっきり腰を振れるからね』=『If we're going to do it together, let's go further inside. We'll have more room to swing our hips in there.』
『はぁはぁはぁ♡っ…はぁっはぁっ♡♡はー…はー…♡ふぅ…はぁ…♡…はぁ…はぁ…♡』=『Haahaahaah♡ ...Haah--, haaah--♡♡ Haah... haah...♡ Fuuh... haah...♡ Haah... haah...♡』
『おじさんのとは比べ物にならないが、そこそこにビンビンだねえ。いやあ、若いねえ』=『It's nothing compared to mine but, it's still pretty hard, huh? Man, to be young.』
『おじさん♡そろそろタカ君のチンポ、アナルで咥えてもいい？』=『Uncle♡ Can I take his dick up my ass now?』
『…っリ、リノ…はっ、、、早くっ…！』=『...R-Rino... qu--... quickly--...!』
『ははは…もう我慢できないか。莉乃ちゃん、アナルファックのおねだりしてあげなさい』=『Hahahah... can't take it anymore, huh? Rino-chan, beg him to fuck you in the ass.』
『はー♡はー♡ねえ、タカくん…、莉乃のおじさん専用オナホアナルにぃ…小さいチンポ、根元までブチ込んで……童貞卒業して…いーよ♡』=『Haah♡ Haah♡ Hey, Taka-kun... feel free to, stuff your small cock... all the way into... my cocksleeve onahole asshole... and lose your virginity♡』
『ほらぁ♡ズボズボされまくって、奥の方までふわっふわのトロトロアナルだよぉ…。その粗チンちょうだぁい♡♡』=『C'mon♡ It's my mushy soft, melty, and thoroughly fucked anus... Gimme your pathetic cock up in there♡♡♡』
『ううっ…リっ、リノォォーー！！』=『Uuu--... Ri--, Rinooo--!!』
『ん"お"っ、粗チン来たぁあ～～っっ♡♡♡』=『Nnoogh--, it's going innn~~♡♡♡』
『２穴ひゅご、いぃ……』=『Both togethhherrr, amazhinnng....』
数時間後……=A few hours later...
『あっあっ♡♡あーっ、あっ♡ひゅごひぃっ♡んあっあっ♡あ"あ"っあっ♡っお、んお"っ、ん"、あっ…♡』=『Ah--, ah--♡♡ Aah--, ah--♡ Woww--♡ Nnah--, ah--♡ Agh--, agh--, ah--♡ Ogh--, nnogh--, nngh, ah--...♡』
『ちくしょーっ！ちくしょーっ！！』=『Fuck--! Fuck--!!』
『おじさんっ♡タカ君♡もっと、もっと激しくひて♡出ひて、両方の穴に全部ブチまけてぇっ♡』=『Uncle--♡ Taka-kun--♡ Harder, do it harder♡ Cum, pump it all into both my holesss♡』
『出して欲しかったら淫乱らしくもっと締め付けてごらんっ！』=『If you want that then squeeze down more like the slut you are--!』
『はひっ♡締め付けりゅ…ぁ、イク…またしゅごいのキひゃうぅ♡…イクっ♡イクっ♡♡出ひて、出ひてぇえっ♡♡』=『Okayhh--♡ I'll dooo thaaat.... ah, cumming... a hyuhge onesh coming agaihn♡ ...Cum♡ Cumming♡♡ Do it, pump it innn♡♡』
『っぁあ"あ"あ～～～っ♡♡♡♡』=『Aaaaaghgh~~♡♡♡』
『くそっ…もう出ねえよっ…！！』=『Fuck--... I've got no more--...!!』
『はぁ…はぁ…はぁ♡♡はぁ、ぁ…はぁ…ぁあ…はー…はー…♡タカ…君、出ひてくれなかっひゃの…？』=『Haah... haah... haah♡♡ Haah, ah... haah... aah... haah... haah...♡ Taka... kun, you didn't cum...?』
『っく……』=『Kuh...』
『勢いは良かったんだが…どうやらタカシ君は弾切れのようだねえ』=『He had a lot of fire but... but seems like Takashi-kun here's out of ammo.』
『んもう…だらしないチンポ…。はぁ♡はぁ…♡♡私、やっぱり…おじさんがいい♡♡』=『Jeez... what a lazy cock... haah♡ Haah...♡♡ Uncle... really is the best after all♡♡』
『く…っそ…ぉ……』=『Fu... ck...』
『最近の若いやつはどうも精子が薄くていかんなあ』=『The young'uns these days have such thin semen these days, honestly.』
『ねぇ、おじさん…おじさんのザーメンまた頂戴♡♡はぁっ、はぁっ♡…膣にドクドクって伝わって、子宮が熱くなって…すっごく気持ちいいの♡』=『Hey, uncle... gimme more of your semen♡♡ Haah--, haah--♡ ...It makes my womb so hot, and I can feel your cock throbbing too... it feels amazing♡』
『莉乃ちゃんもこう言ってることだし、今からちゃんとした種付けを見せてやるから、もう一度よぉく見とけよ？』=『You heard her too. Time to show you a proper insemination, take a good look, okay?』
『もうっ…もうやめてくれ、頼む…！俺のリノが…リノがっ…』=『Stop--... stop it, please...! Rino... my Rino--....』
『おら！おらっ！アバズレオナホ便器の大好きな種付けだ！本気交尾だぞ！どうだっ！？』=『C'mon! Come on--! It's the seeding your cocksleeve ass loves so much! It's real mating! How do you like this--!?』
『嬉しいぃ♡あっあっ♡♡おじさんのおチンポ、膣内[ナカ/2]でどんどんおっきく…♡精子がせり上がってきてるのわかる♡』=『I'm so happy--♡ Ah--, ah--♡♡ Your cock's, getting bigger and bigger inside...♡ I can feel your sperm rising up♡』
『あっああっ♡いいっ♡出して…♡タカ君にちゃんとした種付けを見せて、ばっちり教えてあげてぇ♡』=『Ah--, aaah--♡ Good--♡ Cum....♡ Show him how it's done, with a proper seeding♡』
『リノ、リノぉ！！正気に戻ってくれ！…本当にもうやめてくれっ！頼む、頼むからぁっ…！』=『Rino, Rino!! Come to your senses! ...Seriously, stop this--! Begging you, I'm begging you--...!』
『んあっ、あっ♡無理ぃ♡こんな気持ちいぃの…途中でやめらんないよぉ♡んぉ♡お"っ♡お"っ♡クる"ぅっ…♡♡』=『Nnah--, ah--♡ I can't♡ It feels so good♡ ...There's no way I could stop midway♡ Ogh♡ Ogh--♡ Goming--...♡♡』
『さあ、行くぞ、受精しろよ！』=『Here we go then. Get pregnant!』
『するぅ♡するから、おじさんの金玉空っぽになるまで濃厚ザーメン、全部私の中に注入してぇえ♡♡』=『I will♡ I will so, pump all your thick semen into me, until your balls go empty♡♡』
『やめっ…やめっ……っ…あぁぁ…っ…』=『Sto--... sto--... aaah...』
『おらっ！おらぁっ！大量に出すからなっ…！一滴もこぼすなよ！』=『C'mon--! Come on--! I'll pump in a whole lot so--...! Don't waste a single drop!』
『うあっ…！あぁ！連続中出しされたら絶対孕むぅう♡♡イク♡また…もうわけわかんにゃぃ、イグ、イグぅ♡♡』=『Uwa--...! Aah! If you cum inside again and again like that, I'm definitely gonna get knocked up♡♡ Cumming♡ Again... I don't even know anymyore, gumming, gumminnngg--♡♡』
『イ"ッグぅうぅっ～～～～っっ！！！♡♡♡』=『Gummmmmiinnnngggg--!!!♡♡♡』
『今日の部活は昼過ぎには終わって、残ってるのは私とココアの２人。』=『Today's club activities ended in the afternoon, so it's only me and Cocoa here now.』
『先輩ー、まぁたカレシ待ってるんですか～？』=『Senpai, are you waiting on your boyfriend again~?』
『まぁウチもなんですけどねーｗｗっても、先輩のカレシとウチの今カレ、あ、ヨシキって言うんですけど、全ッ然タイプ違いますけどー』=『Well, same here to be honest lol~. Still, your boyfriend and my current bf, ah, his name's Yoshiki by the way, they're complete opposites I swear.』
『そうなの？ヨシキ…君、ってどんな人？』=『Really? What's Yoshiki... kun, like?』
『えー？別に先輩に自慢できるほどのオトコじゃないんで』=『Eh? It's fine, he's not the sort of guy worth bragging about.』
『ヨシキってキス魔で…早くヤりたい時はちょっとウザくって……って、ウチのことはどーでもよくて…、先輩はカレシとどこまでいったんすか？』=『He's like, a real kissing monster... it's pretty annoying when I'm super down to fuck but... wuh, that's enough about me... how far have you gone with your boyfriend, senpai?』
『ど、どこまでって…』=『H-How far...』
『ちょっと…それで…少し…聞いてもらっても…いいかな？』=『Actually... about that... do you... mind if I ask you something... about that?』
『あー！じれったいけどー、先輩が言ってくれるなんてすっごい珍しいし、嬉しいんでなんでも聞きますよ！』=『Ah! You're killing me with suspense here, senpai, but it's super rare for you to ask me something like this, so shoot!』
『あ、ありがと。その…キス、をしたんだけど………人が見てたんだよね…』=『T-Thanks. Uhm... so, we were kissing but... someone was watching, you know...?』
『え、部員とか教師っすか？』=『Eh, like a club member or a teacher?』
『ううん、知らない男子。相談ってわけじゃないんだけど…その、見られながらって…結構、興奮…しちゃって…』=『No, someone I don't know. I'm not asking for advice about that... it's uhm, doing it while we were being watched... was really, arousing... and...』
『え！先輩がですか？！』=『Eh! You of all people, senpai!?』
『う、うん…やっぱり…そういうのって…変、だよね…？』=『Y-Yeah... I guess... that's pretty... weird, isn't it...?』
『全然ですよ！！…見られるのってよくないですか？！ウチはめっちゃ興奮して激しくなっちゃいますｗ』=『Not at all!! ...What's so wrong about it!? It really gets me going, I'm telling you.』
『…ぅん。そういうの絶対イヤだって思ってたのに…穴が開くほど見つめてくるのが分かったから…そのまま…ずっとしちゃって……』=『...Nn. Even though I used to think that I'd hate that... once we realized his stare was locked onto us... we just... kept going and going...』
『わかるーｗ』=『I feel you, srsly.』
『でも、キスだけでそんだけ見つめてくるとか絶対そいつバキバキの童貞っすよ！ｗｗ』=『But, staring so much at a couple kissing, I bet the guy must be a turbovirgin! Lol.』
『そうかな……。ふふ、…そうかも』=『You think?.... Fufuh... yeah, maybe.』
『で、見られながらするのにハマっちゃったとかー見られながらパコりたくなったって話っすか？ｗ』=『So, are you like talking about you got addicted to it and now wanna fuck while being watched too, or something?』
『え、そ…そうじゃない、けど…なんていうのかな…ココアって色々経験してるから、少し話したくなっちゃっただけだよ…』=『Eh, n... not really, but... how do I put this... you've experienced a lot so, I just felt like talking about it a bit...』
『じゃあ勿論その先もシましたよね？』=『So then, you did go beyond just kissing, right?』
『んー……これ以上は秘密』=『Nn... no more, that's for him and me.』
『えー…ケチぃｗ　相変わらずの秘密主義ですね』=『Eh~... so stingy~. You're as secretive as ever, senpai.』
『そんなことないよ、ココアがオープン過ぎるだけ』=『Not at all, you're just way too open about all this.』
『あははｗ　でも先輩、なんか変わりましたよねー！それも夏の経験ってヤツですか？ｗｗ』=『Ahahah. Still, you've kinda changed, senpai! Did this summer help things along? Lol.』
『もう、そういうんじゃないってば。多分…私より、彼氏が変わってくれたから…かな』=『Jeez, it's not like that.  My... boyfriend's, probably changed a whole lot more than me... I'd say.』
『それ羨ましー！確か、彼氏さんってサッカー部の…』=『I'm so jealous! If I remember right, he was that guy from the socc...』
『あ、ヨシキからＬＩＭＥきた！』=『Ah, I just got a text from Yoshiki!』
『…あ、じゃあ私はまだ待ってなきゃいけないから。ココアは早くヨシキ君のとこに行ってあげて？』=『...Ah, I still gotta wait a bit more so, why don't you go and see your boyfriend, Cocoa?』
『ハイ！じゃあ、お先失礼しまーす。次はお預けナシで全部教えてくださいよー♪』=『I'll do that! I'll be off then, senpai. Please tell me all the juicy bits next time, okay?♪』
『もー…気が向いたらね』=『Jeez~... if I feel like it, sure.』
『ふぅ…』=『Fuuh....』
『まだ夏休み中。部活も続いている。ココアと話をするのもすごく楽しい…。』=『Summer's still not out yet. Our club's chugging along the same as ever. And chatting with her everyday like this is a lot of fun too...』
『秘密主義、か…。でも、これは本当に秘密にしたいことだから、仕方ないよね…。だって……』=『Secretive, huh.... but, I really do want to keep this just between us, so I can't help it... I mean...』
『はーい、どうぞー』=『Yes, come in~』
『待ってたよ、おじさん』=『I've been waiting, uncle.』
『あの日からも、タカ君の前でおじさんとのねっとりとしたキス……ううん、濃厚なセックスを繰り広げた…。』=『Even after that day, we kept exchanging melty kisses... no, having passionate sex, in front of Taka-kun...』
『…タカ君も興奮していたけれど、私が飽きちゃって…別れるまでにそう時間は掛からなかった。』=『...It made Taka-kun really excited but, I got bored before long... and it didn't take long for us to break up.』
『私は今、おじさんと彼女兼オナホとして付き合っている。だって…すっごく気持ちよくて相性いいんだもん。』=『Right now, I was dating uncle, as his girlfriend-cum-cocksleeve. I mean... our bodies are so compatible that we get along great.』
『今では大好きな、私のおじさん…♡』=『Now, the only one I love, is him...♡』
夏休みも終わり、俺の仕事も終わりかと思いきや…。前任のじーさんが復帰することなく引退してしまった。=Summer was over, and with it my job... or so I thought, but the old man went and retired without coming back to work.
臨時だったはずのポジションが空いたままになり、俺はそのままの流れでこの仕事を任されることになった。=The temporary position ended up becoming properly vacant, and I ended up given the job on a permanent basis.
新学期が始まり、学校が賑やかになる。そうなると夏休みとは違った仕事や忙しさが増えた。=The new school term started, and the school became more lively too. What it really meant was that I had more work to do than ever.
面倒なことに変わりはないが、仕事をこなしていくうちに徐々に要領だけはつかめてきた。=It was of course still a pain in the ass but, after doing it day in day out, I more or less got the hang of it.
夏休みの時よりも日は僅かながら短くなっていて、この夕暮れも前ほど長くはないだろう。=The days were shorter than during summer vacation, if only slightly, so this twilight probably won't last for as long either.
さて、この廊下の掃除で今日の仕事は終了だ。自室に戻ってだらっとするか…。=Now then, with the cleanup done, my work's over too. Guess I'll return to my room and laze around...
ふと、前方からの音に意識が集中する。=Suddenly, my ears focused on a sound coming from up ahead.
『あら…やだ』=『Oh... dearie me.』
靴音の先から聞き慣れた棘のある声が聞こえて、顔を上げる。=As I heard a familiar, spikey voice from the owner of the footsteps, I looked up.
『麗子…姉さん。こんな時間に何してるんだ？』=『Reiko... nee-san. What are you doing here this late?』
『…ＰＴＡの仕事で頼まれてきたのよ。小鳥遊っていうだけで色々任されるんだから』=『...Some PTA work came in, so I had to as well. I am a Takanashi, after all, so of course all of it falls to me.』
『でも、もう夕方だぞ？こんな時間にＰＴＡで何をするっていうんだよ』=『But it's already evening, you know? What are you even here to do this late into the day?』
『か、会長は色々忙しいのよ…。やることが山積みなの。所詮あなたにはわからないでしょうけれどね』=『A-A PTA chair like me has a lot to take care of... there's a mountain of things to be done. Not like you'd understand, though.』
『で、小鳥遊の長男のあなたは、まだフラフラしているのね』=『So, from the looks of it, the Takanashis' eldest son is still wandering around, huh?』
『フラフラ…？こうやって仕事はしてるんだし、姉さんの邪魔をするわけじゃなし…なんなんだよ』=『Wandering around...? I'm just doing my job, and it's not like I'm getting in your way... so what's with that tone?』
『いいえ、十分邪魔になりますとも。あなたはあくまでうちの長男なのよ？それで任されているのが用務員だなんて…恥ずかしい』=『No, I must say you're quite the eyesore. You are the eldest son, do you not understand? And yet you're a local school custodian... how mortifying.』
『はあ、また”小鳥遊”か。働いて収入を得てるんだ。もういいだろ、ほっといてくれ』=『Haah, in the end it's "Takanashi" this and "Takanashi" that with you again, huh? I'm earning my keep here. Isn't that enough? Just leave me be.』
『正直、その収入もロクなものじゃないでしょう？…道楽で仕事を選んでいるのかしら？』=『And that "keep" that you earn isn't very good, is it? ...I do wonder, are you doing this because you enjoy it?』
『…そこまで麗子姉さんに言われたくないよ』=『...I really don't need to hear that from you.』
『モップを持って薄汚れて、１日汗みずくになってもらえるのが雀の涙じゃ世話もないわね』=『If the best you can do is carry around a mop and sweat all day for a few pennies then I really don't know what to say.』
『いい加減、俺も怒るぞ？』=『Even I can get angry, you know? I'm not the Buddha.』
『勝手に怒ってなさいな。私は仕事があるから行くわね。次に顔を合わせるようなことがあったら…』=『Nobody's stopping you. I've got work to do, so I'm gonna go. If I ever have to see your face again...』
『それまでには今よりはもう少しマシになっていて欲しいものだわ』=『I do hope you'll have fixed yourself up at least a bit by then.』
俺の怒りに理解を示すどころか、自分が話したいことを勝手に話し、そのまま横を通り過ぎて行ってしまった。=Forget even remotely understanding why I was getting angry, she said whatever she wanted to say and walked right on by.
腹立たしさと気分の悪さで、その場で掃除用具を投げだしそうになった。=I was in such a terrible mood, I almost snapped the mop in half then and there.
それでは姉さんの思う壺だと思えてきて…手荒に残りの掃除を済ませ、歩きだす。=But thinking that maybe that was exactly what she wanted... I roughly finished the leftover cleaning, and headed off.
麗子姉さんと、まさかこんな時間に鉢合わせるなんて運が悪い。ムシャクシャする…。=To think my luck was so bad that I'd bump heads with her this late into the night. Fuck I was pissed...
仕事が終わって自分の部屋へと戻る途中…珍しく校長室の扉が少しだけ開いているのが見えた。=As I was returning to my room after finishing up my work... I noticed that the door to the principal's office was slightly ajar, which was an unusual sight.
校長はいつも早めに帰ってしまって、こんな時間までいることはほとんどない。=Normally, he always went home early. You'd never catch him dead at this time.
校長とは雇われ始めた時に１度だけ顔を合わせたぐらいだ。誰か来客だろうか…？=Even I had only ever seen him once, when I started working here. Is he meeting someone...?
好奇心に駆られて、忍び足で扉に近づき、目立たぬようにそっと中を覗いてみた。=Driven by curiosity, I tiptoed my way to the door and peered inside in an unnoticable way.
『じゅぼっ…じゅぶっ、ぶぼっ、んぶっ…ぢゅるるっ…ぢゅぱっ、ぶぷっ、んじゅるるっ…ずずっ…』=『*Shlopb*.... *shlub*, *bbpoh*, *nnbuh*... *shlurrrp*... *shlap*, *bbpuh*, *shlurrp*... *shlzzz*....』
『いやあ、麗子さんのフェラチオはいつ味わってもいいもんですなぁ～…』=『Man, your blowjobs really never do get old, Reiko-san~...』
『ん、お褒めいただき、んちゅ…光栄ですわ。先生には、んっ…たっぷり気持ちよくなっていただかないと…』=『Nnn, I'm, *suck*... honoured. I must have you, nnn--.... enjoy this thoroughly, after all...』
『ちゅっ、ぢゅるるっ、じゅぶっ、ぶぷっ…ちゅぱっれろ、えろ、じゅるる、ん"ぶ、ぢゅ、ぢゅっ…』=『*Suck*, *shlurrrp*, *shlub*, bbpuh*... *shlaplickk*, *lick*, *shlurrp*, nnbuh, *shluck*, *jhuck*....』
『肉棒にかいた汗を舐めとるような…っ…絡みつくようなねっとりした舌使い…』=『Such a sensual tongue technique... it's as if you're licking off the sweat from my rod....』
『ふぁふ、れろっ…えろっ…じゅずず、じゅろっ…じゅぼっ…ちゅぼっ…じゅるるるっ…』=『Ffuah, *lick*... *lick*... *shluzz*, *shlurp*... *shlop*... *shlop*... *shlurrp*....』
『根元から亀頭まで…カウパーと唾液で…包み込む…。おお…やはりこの奉仕はやめられん…』=『From the base to the tip... covered in my pre-cum and... your drool... ooh... this really is too good to give up on...』
『んっ、もっとラクにしてくださって…んっ…大丈夫ですわ…。では更に…んむっ…じゅるるるっ』=『Nn--, feel free to enjoy this... nn... even more... well then, I shall... nnnmm... *shlurrrrrp*--』
『おっ…おおっ…舌先が根元を愛でながら、同時に先端を喉奥でしごくような……おおお…深い…っ』=『Ogh--... oooh--... caressing the base with your tongue, while wringing out my tip with your throat... oogh... so deep....』
『ぐっ…ちゅ、おごっ…ん…んぼっ…ぶぼっ…ぷ…じゅぷ…じゅ…っぷ、じゅるっじゅぼぼっ…じゅぱっ…』=『Guh--... *suck*, ogoh--... nnn... nnboh--... *bhlop*... pph--.... *shlup*... *suck*... puh, *shlurpshloppp*... *shlap*....』
『麗子さんのせいで、ただマスを掻くだけの射精がつまらなくなりましてなぁ。これはその責任をずっと取って……おおっ、吸い付く…！』=『Because of you, just wanking it alone's gotten boring now. I must have you take responsibility for this, for a long ti... oogh--, the suction...!』
『っじゅぷ、じゅる"っ…ん"ーっ、ん"ん"っ、ちゅぼ…じゅるる…ちゅぼっ…んふぁ…ぢゅ、んっ…』=『*Shlup*, *shlurp*... nngh--, nnngggh--, *shlop*... *shlurrp*... *shlop*... nnfuah... *suck*, nn...』
『ああ、これは本当にいい…』=『This really is fantastic...』
『っじゅぷ、じゅる"、ふぁ、ビクビクひれ…んぶっ…ん"ん"…、そろそろでひゅの…？ちゅぼ、じゅるるっ…』=『*Shlup*, *shlurp*, fuah, twishin lih ris.... nnbuh--.... nnnggh... are you almoh hhere...? *Shlop*, *shlurrp*...』
『ワシの弱いところは全部知られてしまってますからなぁ…。どれ、あと１度そこを掃除するように…』=『You do seem to have a firm grip on all my weak spots, after all... come on, lick that one spot cleaner...』
『んふ、お任せくだふぁぃ…。ぶぼっずっ…じゅるるっ…ん"っ、ずぞっ…ぢゅぱっ…おぼっ…』=『Nnfuh, leave it to me.... *Bbhluzzz*... *shlurrp*... nngh--, *shluzz*... *shlap*... obbhoh...』
『おお、そこそこ…そこをもっと……激しく…！ぉ…っ、おお…』=『Ooh, right there.... more... harder...! Ogh--... oooh...』
『ぶぽっ…思いっふぃり、んぶっ…じゅぶぶっ…射精[だ/1]ひてくだひゃぃ…ね、ずぶぼっ…ぶぼっ、ん"っ…』=『Bbpoh--... cuhm ah, nnbuh--... *shlubb*... hahd ah you can.... okhay? *Shlbbpp*... *bbhlop*, nnngh--...』
『で、…射精[で/2]るっ…！』=『C... Cumming--...!』
『んぶぅぅっっ……！！』=『Nnbbuuh--....!!!』
『はーっ…はーっ…ん、は…ふぅ…はぁ、はぁ…っ…はぁ…はぁ…』=『Haah... haah.... nnn, haah... fuuh... haah, haah... haah... haah...』
『いやはや、毎度もう少しは持つかと思うものの、麗子さんの舌技には完全に翻弄されてしまいますなあ…』=『Man, everyday I feel slightly more full of stamina, yet in front of your skilled tongue, I can never last...』
『はぁ、はぁ…今日のも、ねぇっとり…濃くて素敵ですわ。はぁふぅ…先生、娘の進学の件、お願いしますわね』=『Haah, haah.... it was very thick and... rich today as well. Haafuh.... sensei, about my daughter's college entrance...』
『わかっとる、わかっとる。まだ何年も先の話だがワシに任せておけ』=『I know, I know. It's still quite a few years away, but I'll take care of it.』
『麗子さんが望む進学先の校長はワシに恩のある古い友人だからな。だからそれまでは…グフフ…』=『The Dean of the college that you want your daughter to go to is an old friend of mine. So until then... gufufuh~....』
『んふ…なにとぞ…。私、そのためならいくらでも…』=『Nnfuh... whatever you say, sensei... I'll do anything for that...』
『ははは、じゃあ、次は下の口でも楽しませてもらおうか。グフフフ…』=『Hahahah, in that case, I suppose I'll savour your lower mouth next. Gufufufuh~...』
『んもう、先生ったら…』=『Jeez, oh you, sensei...』
正直、今目にした光景に言葉を失っていた。ただただ厳しく、傲慢さと嫌味で出来ている姉さんが…=Honestly, the sight I just witnessed left me speechless. My sister, who was endlessly harsh, arrogant and nasty...
淫靡な声や表情、仕草で女の顔になり、男に迫るなんて。…無自覚のまま股間がギンギンになっていた。=was burying her face in a man's crotch, with such a lewd expression and voice. ...My own cock had started throbbing before I knew it.
そしてふと我に返る。そこで覚えたのは怒りだ。……全く！！！何がＰＴＡだ！家柄だ！！=It was then that I came to my senses. And all that was left was anger... Seriously?! PTA and pedigree my fucking ass!!
あれだけ俺に偉そうな口を叩いておいて、自分は娘の学校の校長に体を売って裏口入学を狙うのか？？=The same woman who talked down that much to me, was now selling her body to the principal of her daughter's school to buy her way into uni??
誇っている家柄に一番ふさわしくないことをしてるのは自分じゃないか！！=And I'm the one who's a disgrace to the family??
抑え気味の嬌声が漏れ聞こえ始めた校長室の前を怒りで後にする。=I left in a huff by the time I started hearing the sounds of them going at it.
やってられるか！=Like hell I'll let this stand!
はー……。部屋の中で意味もなくうろついたり、寝ころんだりしていた。=Haah... I was wasting time pacing around the room, or lying down on my bed.
さっき見た光景の一部始終に腹を立てながらも…欲情した自分が思い出す。=Even though I was ridiculously angry at what I was just witness to... I remembered just how aroused I was too.
しかし…思えば思うほど、麗子姉さんが考えそうなことだ。今までＰＴＡと言っていた事の何割があのようなコトだったのか…。=Still... the more I thought about it, the more it seemed like exactly the sort of thing she'd come up with. I wondered just how much of the PTA nonsense she'd gushed about was along similar lines...
なんにせよ馬鹿馬鹿しい。くどくどと嫌味を言われた俺は一体何だったんだ…。=Either way, it was ridiculous through and through. Just why did I have to suffer all that nastiness from a bitch like her...
誰だ…？ノックもしないで…。=Who is it...? Waltzing in without even knocking...
……まさか。無神経さに天井を仰ぐ。=...No way. I looked up at the ceiling out of resignation.
勘弁してくれよ…。=Spare me, for the love of god...
『あがらせてもらうわね』=『I'm coming in.』
起き上がる間もなく、ズカズカと苛立ちの張本人が姿を見せた。=Without even giving me time to get up, the source of all my irritation stormed in.
…本当に勝手にあがってきやがった。=...She really did come in, without even asking.
『一体…』=『Just what do you...』
『ちゃんとした用事よ。乙羽のことで話があるの』=『It's not for nothing. I need to talk to you about Otoha.』
言葉を遮られて更に苛立ちが募る。=Being interrupted only added fuel to my fire, of course.
『私はこんな場所に来るのも嫌だけれど…、でも乙羽のためだもの。仕方ないわ』=『Don't misunderstand, I don't like coming to a rat's nest like this either... but it's for Otoha's sake. So it can't be helped.』
下手に俺から何か言いだしたり、言い返さない方がいい。とりあえず麗子姉さんの勝手な言い分を聞こう。=It'd be best for me to not say or do anything yet, lest I give up my cards. For now, let's just hear her out.
『たまに、あの子がこの部屋に来ることがあるんでしょう？』=『She comes over here sometimes, doesn't she?』
『ああ…まぁ身内だしな。とはいっても、入り浸ってるわけじゃないよ。時々顔を見せ…』=『Yeah... I mean, she is my niece. That said, it's not like she spends much time here, she just comes to show her face every so...』
『今後、そういうのは一切やめて欲しいのよね』=『Well, I'd like you to put a stop to that.』
また遮られた上に、にべもない言い方に声を荒げそうになる。…落ち着こう。=Not only was I interrupted, but with words curt enough that I almost raised my voice. ...Let's calm down.
『というのは…？』=『And by that you mean...?』
『決まってるじゃないの。あの子はあなたと違って未来があって、将来有望なのよ？』=『Isn't it obvious? Unlike you, she's got a future, and a promising one at that, you know?』
『なのに、こんな冴えない叔父の部屋に入って時間を潰している暇なんて一時たりともないわ』=『A girl like her has no time to waste in the room of an uncle as pathetic as you.』
乙羽ちゃんのためといいながらも、まるで俺を嘲笑うことも兼ねているかのようにペラペラと喋り続ける。=She was saying it all in Otoha-chan's name but, she kept going on and on, as if ridiculing me was but a side bonus.
『あの子こそね、小鳥遊の家を担うのにふさわしいのよ。本来、長男のあなたさえしっかりしていればこんな苦労もなかったんでしょうけど…』=『Only she is worthy of carrying forward the Takanashi name. If only you, the eldest son, had been a more responsible person, she wouldn't even have to go through the trouble...』
また、小鳥遊…田舎の小さな世界でふんぞり返っている井の中の蛙の話だ。それでふっとさっき覗き見た光景を思い出した。=Takanashi again... All this talk about an insignificant countryside family. Truly a frog in a well. Suddenly, I remembered the scene I'd just witnessed.
小鳥遊、小鳥遊、と誇りながらこの度し難い母親気取りがやっているコト…。=The things this Takanashi Takanashi spouting bitch that acts like a mother when its convenient does behind not so closed doors...
もう我慢の限界だ。=I really am at my limit.
『……小鳥遊、ねぇ』=『....Takanashi, huh?』
『そうよ。一応あなたもその末席にギリギリいるのだけど。自覚があまりにないみたいね。はぁ…』=『That's right. The family that you're still just barely part of. Seems like you have no awareness of that though. Haah...』
『さっきまで校長とやっているコトは本当に乙羽ちゃんのためなのか？』=『And was what you were doing with the principal just then for Otoha-chan's sake as well?』
『へ…？？…なんのことかしら？』=『Heh...?? ...What are you talking about?』
あくまでシラを切るつもりか。=Going to play the fool till the last, huh?
『麗子姉さん。俺、見たんだよ。校長室で、校長に"体"で取り入ってる姉さんの姿をね』=『You know, Reiko-nee-san, I saw it. The way you were buttering up the principal with your body.』
『なっ…な…なんの話よ。あなたのくだらない妄想を聞くためにここに来たわけじゃないわ…！』=『Wha--... W... What are you talking about? I didn't come here to listen to your nonsensical delusions, you know...!』
『この目で見たって言ってんだろ！認めろよ！！』=『I'm only saying it because I saw it with my own eyes! Just give up!!』
久しぶりに麗子姉さんが怯むところを見た。このまま言いたいことを全部言ってしまおう。=It's been a while since I've seen her flinch like that. Let's just keep going with the momentum and get it all out.
『まあ、どうせ…男日照りの麗子姉さんのことだ。乙羽ちゃんのためといいつつ、自分の為なんだろう』=『Well, I mean... it's a man-starved whore like you we're talking about. You're saying it's for her sake but in the end, it's just for yourself, no?』
『自分の性欲も満たせて、おまけに娘もいい学校にやれたらいうことがない。そういう魂胆なんだろう？』=『Not only do you get to satisfy your lust, but also send her to a good college. Two birds with one stone, or am I wrong?』
『あ、あなたなんかに何か言われる筋合いはっ…！！』=『I-I don't need to hear that from the likes of--...!!』
よくよく冷静に麗子姉さんの姿を見直してみれば…はだけ気味の胸元、香水、濃い目の化粧、整えた髪…。=Her exposed cleavage, perfume, heavy makeup, and properly done hair... now that I was calmer, I could see it all.
明らかに男を誘う気満々じゃないか…。何が娘の為だ。どうせ…小鳥遊のためだ。=She was completely out to seduce a man... Otoha-chan my ass. In the end... it's all for the great "Takanashi".
『まんざらでもないくせに』=『I bet a whore like you loves every second of it too.』
『俺はもうこのコトを知ってるんだぜ？好きに罵ってもいい。でも、俺がこの事実を漏らせばどうなる？』=『I already know about all of it, you know? Feel free to say whatever you want. But what do you think would happen, if I were to just let this news spread?』
乙羽ちゃんや莉乃ちゃんなど若い盛りの娘には負けてしまうが、艶が見え隠れする肌と髪は男を誘うにはあまりある。=Though she might lose to girls in their prime like Otoha-chan or Rino-chan, the lustre her skin and hair still possessed was enough to seduce any man.
『ひとつはっきりしていることは、麗子姉さんが狙っている乙羽ちゃんの進学への口利きは泡と消えることだな』=『One thing's clear for sure. Your efforts to get her into that college in your head will fizzle out like bubbles.』
『あなた、それが小鳥遊にとって利することだとは…』=『Do you think that'd be beneficial to the Takana...』
唇にのせられた化粧がその形をわざとらしいほどぽってりとして見せた。それが話すたびに艶めかしく動く。=The makeup on her lips made them look unnaturally plump and soft. With every word of hers, they moved seductively.
『小鳥遊はもうどうでもいいだろう。俺が言っているのはこの一件は既に麗子姉さんと校長だけのものじゃなくなっているってことだ』=『Who gives a damn about Takanashi? What I'm saying is that this little incident is no longer just between you and the principal.』
『まさか…あなた……脅迫しているの？』=『Wait... are you... threatening me?』
『しようと思えばできるってことだよ』=『If I wanted to, I could.』
見れば見るほどに、実の姉ながらそのいでたちに性的興奮をそそられていた。=The more I looked at her, the more sexually aroused I felt, even though she was my blood sister.
つい先ほど、ねちっこい前戯を図らずも見てしまった後だ。=Part of it was also the fact that I'd just seen her "thorough foreplay" just then.
…何を言っても、麗子姉さんは俺を説き伏せようだの、宥めようだのしてくるだろう…。=...Of course, no matter what I said, it wasn't gonna stop her from trying to argue me down or cajole me...
だが、俺が今求めているものはそんなものじゃない。=However, none of that was what I wanted right now.
『くだらない考えをするのはよしなさい！うちは…小鳥遊は…』=『Stop thinking about such nonsensical things! We are... As Takanashis, we...』
『本当にもう、"小鳥遊"はいいよ。次に言ったら…俺が誰かに見たことを漏らすかもしれないよ？』=『Seriously, just drop it. Say the word "Takanashi" again... and my lips will start talking to every random person I see.』
『な、なら…っ…見なかったことに…忘れて頂戴。あれは乙羽を思って…』=『I-In that... case, pretend you didn't see anything... and forget about it. That was all for Otoha's...』
『麗子姉さんも強情だなぁ…。そうだなぁ…忘れられるほどの代償、か…』=『As bossy as always... let's see... what'd make it worth forgetting...』
『とはいえ、金銭の無心はもう懲り懲りですからね！！』=『Just so you know, I'm not going to give you a single penny!!』
その一言で、ふっと火が付いた。金なんか…今はどうでもいい。=Just that one line was enough to light a fire in me. ...Who the fuck gives a damn about money?
この”女[メス/1]”を征服してやりたい。それだけが心を占めた。=All I wanted was to conquer this 'bitch' in front of me. That was all that was in my mind right now.
『余るほどの給料じゃないにしろ、それほど金にも困ってないよ。…それより、これは全部麗子姉さん次第だ』=『My pay here might not be anything special, but I'm really not strapped for cash. ...Really, the rest is all up to you, sister dearest.』
『ど、どういうことなの…？』=『W-What do you mean...?』
『こういうことだよ』=『This is what I mean.』
股ぐらにある既に怒張したイチモツを、ズボン越しに示して見せる。=I showed her the tent I was pitching, my implicitly erect cock behind it.
『ひっ……』=『Hih--....』
その口からは聞いたことがない声にニヤけてしまう。=I couldn't help but grin at the novel squeal I heard out of her mouth for the first time ever.
ほんの少し前まで校長のメス奴隷だったくせに、純情ぶりやがって…。=Even though she was playing the part of the principal's slave until just a few minutes ago, suddenly she was acting all innocent...
『俺にも、校長よろしくヤらせてくれたら…全部黙っておいてやるよ』=『If you start doing for me what you do for the principal... I wouldn't mind staying quiet.』
『じょ、冗談でしょう…？わ、私達、実の姉弟なのよ？正気じゃないわ！』=『Y-You're joking, right...? W-We're siblings, you know? You're insane!』
『節操のない麗子姉さんにはお似合いだと思うけどなあ…。断るも承諾するも、麗子姉さんの自由だよ』=『Really? I think it'd be a perfect fit for an unprincipled whore like you though~... Well, it's your choice whether you accept it or not.』
『ただし、本当に拒否権があるかどうかはよく考えろよ。大事な乙羽ちゃんの進学も台無しになるぜ？』=『But you should give it a good, hard think whether you really have the option to say no here. After all, your precious Otoha-chan's academic future's hanging in the balance here, you know?』
『それだけじゃない。姉さんが一番大切にしてる小鳥遊の名前も地に落ちる。今までみたいにこの町でデカい顔していられなくなるぜ』=『And it's not just that. The Takanashi name, which you oh so love to use, will come crashing to the ground. You won't be able to walk around like you own the place anymore.』
『それとも、そんなこととは関係なしに、あの校長とのまぐわいが良くてヤってたなら話はまた別…』=『Or if it's none of that, and you were just doing it with him because you just love sucking on his cock, well that'd be a different story...』
『ち、違うわ……』=『I-It's not...』
『だったら、応えないわけはないよなあ？今までの”おつとめ”を台無しにするか、それとも俺に従うか…』=『In that case, there's only one real option here, no? Either to ruin all your "efforts" up until now, or to obey me....』
『…なんで私が…あ、あなたなんかと…！』=『....Why do I... h-have to do it with a man like you of all...!』
『…文句があるなら、乙羽ちゃんの進学も消えて麗子姉さんの立場もなくなる。それだけだよ』=『...If you've got a problem with it, then I'm afraid both your status and Otoha-chan's future will fall to the ground. That's all.』
『こんな田舎じゃ噂はすぐに広まる上に、姉さんは出戻りの身だ。白い目で見られてもどこにも行けず、視線に晒されたまま生きていくことになるんだぜ？』=『Rumours spread quickly in small towns like these. And you just ran back here after your divorce, too. You'll be stuck living here forever under the contemptful gazes of others, you know.』
『……狂ってる…。姉弟でなんか…ましてや私はあなたみたいな人間なんかと……嫌よ！』=『...You're insane... Doing it with a sibling... you of all people at that... as if!』
『置かれてる立場がわかってないなあ…。俺に従ってヤるだけで黙っておいてやるって言ってるんだ』=『You really don't understand the position you're in, huh... Even though it's as simple as obeying me to keep my lips sealed.』
『…私が…あ…あなたみたいな低級な人なんかと……』=『...There's no way I'd... d... do it with a person as trash as...』
『へえ、じゃあ麗子姉さんは、娘の乙羽ちゃんのことも自分の立場も、所詮はその程度だったってことだよな？』=『Hoh, so in the end, all that talk about Otoha-chan and your own position only amounts to that much, huh?』
『ち、違うわよ…！』=『T-That's not...!』
『だったら、迷うことなんかないだろう？ほら、さっさと校長にしたみたい跪けよ』=『If so, what's there to hesitate about? C'mon, get on your knees already, like you did in front of the principal.』
『っ……！！…そ、っ…そんなにシたいなら………す、すればいいわ……！早く済ませてよ…！』=『--....!! ...If--... If you want to do it that badly then... f-fine...! Just get it over with...!』
『へえ、もう抵抗は終わり、か。それとも本当は実の弟のチンポが欲しいのか？』=『Hoh, done resisting, huh? Or do you actually want your little brother's cock that badly?』
『校長のモノとは全然違うからなあ…。欲求不満には持ってこいのチンポだ。本当に麗子姉さんはビッチだなぁ』=『I mean, it's quite the thing compared to the principal's cock, after all... It's the perfect cock for sexually frustrated whores like yourself. What a slut you are, sister dearest.』
『なっ…あなたが強要するからでしょ！』=『Wha--... you're the one coercing me into doing this!』
『なんだって？』=『What was that?』
『まあ、もう俺のおもちゃになるって決めたようだから細かいことはどうでもいいか』=『Well, you've already made peace with becoming my toy, so I won't sweat the details.』
『くっ…、早く終わらせて。…おぞましい…！！』=『Kuh--... get this over with quickly... you repulsive man...!!』
とりあえず、この強情な面を崩してやることから始めるか…。=For the time being, I suppose I'll start by pulverizing her stubborn side to dust...
破らんばかりに布を突き上げていた肉茎を取り出して、麗子姉さんの顔へと近づける。=I took out my rod that was pushing on my trousers so hard it almost ripped through, and pointed it at her face.
『早く…なぁ？』=『Quickly... alright?』
『やっ…あっ………』=『Yah--... ah--....』
『ほら…あんなジジイよりは若いモノの方がしゃぶりがいもあるだろう？』=『C'mon... isn't a young, youthful cock better than that old fart's?』
『っく、…あなた、自分が何してるのか…』=『Kuh.... do you even understand what you're...』
『そんなにバラされたいのか？』=『Damn, you really want it to be made public that bad, huh?』
『ほら、舐めろよ。校長のは喜んで舐めてただろう？』=『C'mon, lick it. You were licking his so deliciously, no?』
『ん、は…そ、それは乙羽のため、に…っ……』=『Nn, hah... t-that was for Otoha's, sake...』
『それも聞き飽きたよ。だったらこれも乙羽ちゃんのためだろう？』=『I'm seriously tired of hearing that. If that was for Otoha-chan's sake then isn't this too? C'mon.』
『んぶっ…！』=『Nnbuh--...!』
『ほら、校長より気持ちよくしてくれよ』=『C'mon, make it feel better than you did for him.』
『っ…や…ぁ…』=『--!.... no... ah...』
『何が今更『イヤ』だよ、白々しい。ほら、しっかり奥まで咥えろ。歯を立てるなよ？』=『What's the point of going "no" now? What a hollow bitch. C'mon, take it in deep. And I better not feel any teeth, alright?』
『ん、ぅ…んんん…ひやっ…！』=『Nn, uu... nnnnn... hyah--...!』
『睨んでんじゃねーよ、乙羽ちゃんがどうなってもいいなら構わないけどよぉ』=『Keep that glare to yourself. I mean, unless you don't give a shit about what happens to Otoha-chan.』
『ん、ぶ…ぅ…んご……っ……』=『Nn, buh... nn... nngoh...--!....』
『んあっ…はぁっ…はぁっ…も"っ…無理ぃ…。はっ…はぁ…、ん"……っは…ぁ"…はぁ、あ"…っ…』=『Nnah--... haah--... haah--... I can't... anymore... haah... haah... nngh.... hah... agh... haah, agh....』
『だめ……これ…本当に…ぴったりってぐらい…はまってる…。私…こんなんじゃ…』=『No... this... really is... such a perfect... fit... at... this rate, I...』
『こんな程度でへばるなよ。ほらっ、マンコ締めろ！俺はまだ足りないんだよ！』=『Are you already throwing in the towel? C'mon, clench down! I still haven't had enough!』
『む、無理よ……もう、これ以上されたら…戻れなく……なっちゃ…』=『I-I can't... I really, won't be... able to... go back...』
『はーっ…はーっ…あ"ぅっ…はぁはぁ…あっ…あ"あ"っ…はぁ、はぁ、あっ…ぁ、ぅぁ…ん…っ…』=『Haah... haah... aghuu.... haahaaah... ah--.... aghagh--... haah, haah, ah--... ah, uwah... nn...』
『もう頭が…回らない…。こいつなんかに……』=『My head's not... working... a guy like him is...』
『さっきからずっと喘ぐだけで芸のない女だなぁ…。それともそんなにこれが好きなのか？』=『You've been doing nothing but moaning for a while now. What a boring bitch you are... or is it that you like this just that much?』
『やめて…う、動かさないで……っ』=『Stop it... d-don't move it inside any more...』
『あっ…も…ぅ、や"めっ…』=『Ah--... ser... ious, ly--, sto--...』
『まずい…また……またイっちゃう…』=『Not good... I'll... cum again....』
『んぁああ"あ"っ…っく…ぁ…っは…はぁ、はぁ…』=『Nnaaagh--... kuh... ah... hah... haah, haah...』
『ダメっ…ダメダメダメ…またイっちゃ……』=『No--... no no no... I came agai....』
『実の姉弟なのにそんなに喘いで…。誰でもいいってか？そんなにチンポが欲しいのか？』=『Moaning like that under your brother's cock... so you're fine with just about anybody, huh? Is that how much you want a cock?』
『…クズのくせに…私が、なんでこんなやつに…』=『...Why did I, end up... like this, with trash like him...』
『はー、はー…あ、あなた程度で…、私がイ、イクわけ…ない、じゃない…』=『Haah, haah... d-do you really... think that a g-guy like you could... m-make me, cum...』
『犯されて、感じて…何度も達してるなんて……どうして…』=『I'm loving, being violated like this... I've even cum so many times... how, why...』
『その割には、使い古した中古のダルマンがチンポを離したくなさそうに、膣肉[なか/2]できつく締めつけてきてるのは何故かなぁ…？』=『You say that, but your worn out, second hand neighbourhood bicycle of a pussy's clinging down to me with all its might. Now why is that...?』
『そ、そんなわけないでしょう…！…っ、本当にそう思いたければ、…っ、もっと…っ…女を悦ばせる工夫をしてみたら…っどう、なの？』=『N-Now you're just being delusional...! ...I-If you really want that to be true... t-then... --!... how about actually learning how to... please a, woman?』
『……何度もイキ姿を晒して…、今イキかけてるのもバレてる…』=『...He's already seen me cum so many times... even now, he can tell I'm about to cum...』
『はーっはー…それとも…単調にっ…んっ…腰を打ち付ける…ことしか…っ…し、知らないのかしら？』=『Haah, haah... or is pounding... your hips so... nn--... monotonously--... the only thing--... y-you know how to do?』
『私の…弱いところに当たらないように腰を浮かせないと…またすごいのが…キちゃう…』=『If I... don't move my hips and protect my weak point... a huge one is... gonna come again...』
『それが麗子姉さんなりの男へのおねだりの仕方なのか？…血は争えないねえ』=『Is that your way of begging a man for more? ...Like mother like daughter, truly.』
『ね、ねだってなんかいるもんですか…！』=『W-Who's begging...!』
『…んあっ！！…っく…あっ…っぁああ…！！』=『...Nnah--!! ...Kuh... ah--... aaaah...!!』
『だめ…もう…うまく動けない…。ヒダを擦りあげられて…力が入らない…。なのに…、オマンコが勝手に締め付けちゃぅ…』=『No...I can't... even move properly... my folds are being rubbed in... I can't exert any strength... and yet... my pussy's clenching down on its own...』
『中古肉便器のくせにこんなに蕩けさせて…校長とのセックスがそんなに良かったのか？』=『Melting down like this even though you're just a middle aged cocksleeve... did sex with the principal feel that good?』
『っ…あ、当たり前でしょ…あなたとなんかより校長先生とのほうが何倍も気持ちいいわ。んっ、あっ…』=『--!... I-Isn't it obvious... he's several times better than you are. Nn--, ah--...』
『…そんなわけない…！こんなクズのほうが…気持ちいいだなんて……。だけど……』=『...He's not...! This piece of trash is... so much impossibly better... just how...』
『はぁ…はぁ…それが悔しかったら、イ…イかせて…っみなさいよ。…どうせ無理、でしょうけど…ぁ、う…』=『Haah... haah... if you don't like that then, t... try to... make me cum. ...It's probably, impossible for you... ah, uu...』
『……もう、引っ込みがつかない…。次イカされたらダメなのにっ…。もう…、堕ちちゃう…』=『...There's no way out for me anymore... even though just one more time--... will... make me fall...』
『じゃあそうさせてもらうよ。…ぉらっ！！』=『I'll do just that then. ...Take this--!!』
『っんぅ"～～～…！！！』=『Nnnggggghh~~~...!!!』
『あ、ああ…ダメ、これ…絶対イっちゃう…一瞬で飛んじゃう…！』=『A-Aah... no, this... I really will cum... he'll blow me away in an instant...!』
『俺も校長先生様を見習わないとなぁ、ほらほらほらっ…！』=『I gotta learn from the principal's example too, c'mon, come on come on--...!』
『あ"、う"…ぅっ～…っぁ、はっ…あっ…あっ、ぐ…んあっ…あっ…』=『Agh, ugh--... uuu~... ah, hah--... ah--... ah--, guh... nnah--... ah--...』
『もう…もうダメ…！すごく良い…！イク、イっちゃ…』=『I... I can't...! It's so good...! Cum, I'm gonna..』
『さっきまで威勢よく口答えしてたのに何をヨガってるんだ？』=『You were running your mouth so much there, now you think you can enjoy this?』
『え、ぁ…はぁはぁ…なんで止め、て…っっ、、』=『Eh, ah... haahaaah... why did you, sto...--...』
『へえ…年増なりに締め付けてきやがると思ったら、やっぱりイキかけてたか…』=『Hoh... I thought you were squeezing down like any experienced whore, but you were about to cum, were you~...』
『どうせイかせて欲しかったんだろう？』=『In the end, you wanted me to make you cum, no?』
『そ、そんなわけ…』=『A-As if...』
『そんなわけがどうって？ちゃんと話してみろよ、おら！』=『Hoh, as if, huh? Speak properly, you dumb bitch!』
『んひっ…んあっ、っく、ああっん"あっ…はっ、あう"！！ああ、んく、ぁ、っく…イ…っっ！！…』=『Nnhiih--... nnah--, kuh, aaa--, nnagh--... hah--, auugh!! Aah, nnkuh, ah, kuh... cu--...--!!』
『イ…？なんだって？はは、俺はまだまだ全然だけどな。ほらほら！』=『Cu...? What was that? Hahah, and I'm not even breaking a sweat here myself. Come on!』
『ぅ、あっ、んあっ、ぁう…っんんっ、あ"っ、はぁ、んうっ、く…はっ、ぁはっ…うぁっ、あうっ…っ！』=『Uu, ah--, nnah--, auu... nnn--, agh--, haah, nnn--, kuh... hah--, ahah--... uwah--, auu--...!』
『ダ、ダメ…！こんな凄いチンポハメ続けられたら…もたない…！こんなのっ…耐えられない…！』=『N-No...! If he keeps fucking me with his amazing cock... I won't last...! There's no way--... I can endure this...!』
『む、無理ぃ…無理無理ぃ…！！はーっ！！はあはあっ！あ"っ、うっ…もう無理だから早ぐ…ん"ぁ"っ…』=『I-I can't... I can't anymore...!! Haah--!! Haahaaah--! Agh--, uu--... I can't anymore so guickggly... nnaaggh--...』
『ああ？何が無理だか言ってくれないとわからないなぁ』=『Aah? What can't you anymore? I can't say I understand.』
『はー！はー！無理なのっ、よ……。早く、動いて…。もっとシて…！もっと…もっとぉ…！』=『Haah! Haah! I can't--!... Quickly, move... do it more...! More... more...!』
『素直に”イかせてください”だろ？』=『Isn't it supposed to be "Make me cum, please"?』
『ゆ、緩めないで…。はぁっ…はぁっ…イキそうなの、もう焦らさないでぇ…！頭が…おかしくなっちゃう…』=『D-Don't stop... haah--... haah--... I'm almost there, don't tantalize me anymore...! My head's... gonna go crazy--...』
『イきたかったら、そのケツを振ってねだってみせろよ』=『If you want to cum, then start shaking that ass and beg for it.』
『ふぅっ…はぁっ…っぁ…そんな…っ、は、っぁ…げ、下品なこと…、、』=『Fuuh--... haah--... ah.... like I... hah, ah... w-would do something so...』
『っこれが好きなんだろ、これがっ！ねだれねぇのかよ！』=『Isn't this what you want? Isn't it--!? And you can't even beg for it?!』
『んおっ！！っあぐぅっ、っ、はぁはぁはぁ…ああっね、ねだる、っ…ねだるから…お、お願ひぃ……！』=『Nnogh--!! Aguh--, haahaahaah... aah--, I-I will... I'll beg so... p-pleashh....!』
『ふぅっふぅ…こ、こんな年で、みっともなく…チンポイキしたくて堪らない…擦り寄り安物マンコの…一番奥…』=『Fuuh--, fuuh--... p-please pound, the pathetic... orgasm-juice gushing... womb of this... unsightly...』
『み、見境なくアクメ汁垂らしてる…子宮口を、思いっきり…な…何度も、荒々しく…お、おチンポを突きたてて…』=『M-Middle aged hag's... cheap, cock-hungry... c... cock-sleeve pussy... m-mercilessly, again and again...』
『ぜっ……絶頂させて…くだ、さい……。はーっ、はー…』=『A--... And make me... c-climax... haah, haah...』
『っゃ、ぁ…あ……どうか、お…お願いしますぅ…』=『Yah, ah... ah... please, I-I... beg of you...』
『まあまあそそる感じだな。望み通りイかせてやるよ！』=『Well, that's passably tempting. Just as you wish, I'll make you cum!』
『あっ、クるっ、すごいのクるぅ…！イクのぉっ、イク…！チンポすごい、チンポっ、弟チンポでっイク…！イクイクっ…！』=『Ah--, coming--, a huge one's coming...! Cum--, I'm gonna cum...! Your cock's amazing, your cock--, my brother's cock's gonna make me cum...! Cumming--, cumming--...!』
『イグぅうう"う"ううっ～～～っ！！！』=『Cummminnnnggggggghhh~~!!!』
『おら！何ヘバってんだ！まだまだ終わりじゃねえぞ！』=『C'mon! What are you slacking for! It's not over just yet!』
『っ…はーっ♡はーっ♡…ぁっ♡おっ♡…はぁーっ…はぁ…んは、ぁ…はー…♡はー♡…ぁっ…はー♡』=『...Haah♡ Haah--♡... Ah--♡ Ogh--♡ ...Haah--... haah... nnhaah, ah... haah...♡ Haah♡... Ah--... haah♡』
『校長の前でもこんな痴態を晒して伸びてんのか？』=『Do you whore yourself out on the ground like this in front of the principal too?』
『ひょんなことなひぃ…まら、マンコ痺れれ…はぁー♡はぁー♡はぁー♡んは…ぁ、はー…はー♡』=『Nhot ath all... my pusshy, is shtill nuhmb.... haah♡ Haah♡ Haah♡ Nnhah... ah, haah... haah♡』
『まともに聞こえちゃいないか…無様だな』=『Can't even hear what I'm saying, huh... what a pathetic sight.』
『言うころ、なんれも聞くかりゃ…誰にも言わなひれ…。はーっ♡…ひーっ…はー♡…ひー…♡♡』=『A'll dhoo anyhin, you shay sho... dhon't, tell anhybody.... haah♡ ...Hyah... haah♡... hyah...♡♡』
『この期に及んで乙羽ちゃんのためって言い張るつもりか？自分がヤりたいだけだろ、この淫乱ババアが』=『Are you still trying to pretend that this is all for Otoha-chan's sake? Aren't you just doing it for yourself, you slutty old hag.』
『まあ、そのつまらない年増女の中古マンコを使い潰してやるのもいいか…』=『Well, I guess I don't mind crushing your worn out middle aged pussy into dust too...』
『俺がしたくなったら、すぐに飛んで来いよ？わかったな？』=『Come running the moment I call for you, you hear me?』
『は、はひぃー…勿論来る、来ましゅぅ♡♡はー…はぁー♡はー…はー…ぁっ♡は、ん♡…はぁ…はぁ…♡』=『Y-Yesh.... I'll come, of coursh a'll cummm♡♡♡ Haah... haah♡ Haah... haah.. ah--♡ Hah, nn♡ ...Haah... haah...♡』
『っ、ったく…なんなんもぉ…ヨシキのやつドタキャンマジいい加減にしろってのー…！！』=『--! Jeez... what the heck... Yoshiki you bastard, stop cancelling at the last minute...!!』
『マジほんとウザい。ウチがＬＩＭＥ送ったらヤりたい時は秒で既読で返事くるくせに…。』=『What a bastard. Even though he reads and replies in an instant whenever he's down to fuck...』
『ＬＩＭＥ未読スルーで逃げたつもりですかー。バッカにしてんじゃないっての、ないわー』=『He thinks he can dodge by just leaving me on unread? Treating me like dirt, I'm so over him.』
『あームカつく、うちの都合まで無視とか…ん…？…誰かきた？』=『Aah, I'm so pissed, does he think I'm free all... nn..? ...Who's that?』
『あ？』=『Ah?』
『顔をあげたら、人影がウチを見つめてる。…でもヨシキでもなければ教師でもない…。』=『When I looked up, I saw a figure staring at me. ...But it wasn't Yoshiki, nor was it a teacher...』
『何見てんの……あ…』=『The heck are you lookin... ah...』
『いっつも視姦してくる用務員じゃん！キッモ！！』=『It's that custodian that's always ogglin' at us! Creep!!』
『あれ…そうだな…。そうだそうだ。よし、どうせＬＩＭＥの返事来ないし』=『Huh... let's see... yeah, not a bad idea. Alright, since he's not replying to my texts either~』
『ドタキャン確定なら、もうコイツでいいや！ウチのテクでもがくキモ中年童貞でも見て憂さ晴らししよっと！』=『If he's gonna ditch me last minute like this, then I'll just make do with this guy! Time to make this creepy old virgin writhe under me and freshen up!』
『あー…ねー、おじさん。ちょっとさ、ウチ今からこの上。更衣室行くからー、おじさんも来てくんない？』=『Ah... hey, mister. Got a sec? I'm heading up to club room upstairs, won'tcha come with me?』
『え、ああ。鍵でも壊れたかな？それとも蛍光灯がつかないとかかな？』=『Eh? Aah, sure. Got a broken lock or something? Or do you need a light replaced?』
『おじさんさー、どうせ童貞でしょ？今からソッコーでそのキモ童貞卒業させてあげるからさー…』=『Say, mister, I bet you're a virgin. Am I wrong? I'll help you graduate from the status of a creepy old virgin so...』
『えっ…？き、君、何言って……』=『Eh--...? Y-You, what are you even...』
『あーもしかしてーおじさん、ギャルとか苦手なタイプ？』=『Ah~, mister, by any chance, are you not good with gals like me?』
『あはっｗ図星だー！そういうおっさんもたまにいるよねーでも、ヤっちゃえば皆掌返してウチに夢中になっから！』=『Ahah--, bullseye, huh! I feel you, there's still some old men out there like that. But don't worry, all it'll take is the one time to make you go crazy for me!』
『え、ええ…』=『E-Eeh...』
『ほらー、やっぱウチの体、気になってんでしょー！？ジロジロ見ちゃってさー。しっかり期待してんじゃん！』=『C'mon, aren't you curious about what my body's like~?! Always staring so hard~. I know how much you want it!』
『そうそう、初回はサービスしてあげるから、お金とかそーゆーの要らないからね？』=『Ah right, I'll let you do it for free this time, so you don't need to fork over cash or anything, alright?』
『いや、おじさんそういうのは…』=『No, I'm really not...』
『あ、でー…もしだけどー、ウチをイかせることが出来たら、特別にセフレにしてあげてもいいよ？』=『Ah, but... if you can make me cum, and that's a big if, I won't mind being fuck buddies with you, you know?』
『ま、中年童貞には絶対ムリだけど、こう言っとけば一応必死でパコるっしょ。』=『Well, not that a middle aged virgin like him would ever manage that, but this way he might actually get serious.』
『いや、おじさんまだ残ってる仕事があってね…』=『No, I still have lots of work to take care of for today, so...』
『あ、まだそーゆーこという？このウチが誘ってんのに？だったら、ここで無理やり襲われたってコトにしてー…』=『Ah~, still going on about that? Even though I'm going out of my way to seduce you? I could always claim that you were trying to push me down, you know...』
『おじさんの立場、ヤバくするのとかすっごい簡単なんだけど…？勿論、上、来るよね？』=『Do you know how easy it'd be for me to ruin your life, mister...? So, you'll come with me, right?』
『ぅわっ……わ、わかったよ』=『Uwa--... f-fine.』
『ラッキー！ま、おじさんなんかの童貞キモ粗チンじゃウチをイかせるとか絶対無理だろうけどねー！キャハハ』=『Yay~! Well, not that you'd ever make me cum with your pathetic virgin little cock though! Kyahahah~』
『とりま頑張ってー、ウチの憂さ晴らしの玩具にちょっとなってってよー、アハハ』=『Anyways, do yer best to help me relieve some of my frustration by being my plaything for a bit, ahahah.』
『おじさん、脱げって言ったらほんっと脱ぐの早いからマジウケたんですけどーｗあんだけウチの誘い渋ってたのにｗｗ』=『You know mister, for a guy that resisted so much you sure took off your clothes quick when I told you to~ lol.』
『おじさんだけ素っ裸でシュールｗま、ウチは気持ちよくならないと脱がないし？』=『It's kinda surreal how you're the only one undressed lol, well, I'll start takin' off layers too if you make me feel good?』
『っていうかー、もうコレ、バッキバキでヤる気満々じゃん！なにこれー、でかーいｗ』=『Like, look at this thing, it's raring to go! What is this, it's so big lol』
『ほれほれっ…すごー！ありがち真性包茎ポーク〇〇ツだと思ってたのにー。これっ、全然ちがーう…なにこれーｗ』=『Let's see~... wow! I was completely expecting some pathetic phimosis shit~. Mind blown right now, honest. ...Seriously what even lol.』
『…うっ…こ、こら…、ぁ…』=『...Uu--... h-hey now... ah...』
『あ、おじさんもしかしてコレ、気持ちいいの？ウチがちょっと触ってるだけだよ？ガチ童貞ｗｗ』=『Ah, is this making you feel good, mister? I'm only touching it a lil bit, you know? Such a virgin lol.』
『まー、皮くらいワンチャン剥けててもおかしくないと思ってたけどー、ここまでデカくて太いのは予想外ｗ』=『Well~, not that I was expecting you to be a complete turbovirgin but~, I never thought it'd be this big and fat lol.』
『キ、キミ…田中ココアちゃんだろう？おじさん知ってるよ』=『Y-You... you're Tanaka Cocoa-chan, right? I know you.』
『うわっ！！今、超鳥肌立ったんですけどー！キモ過ぎない？なんで名前知ってんの？』=『Uwa--!! I just got goosebumps all over! Aren't you like too creepy? How'd you know my name?』
『ずっと前に新体操部で、部長の莉乃ちゃんがキミの名前を呼んでいたし…それにしょっちゅう外で見かけるからね』=『A long while ago, your club president Rino-chan called you by your name, and I was there... and I do see you around, sometimes.』
『はぁはぁ…あちこちで”色々やってる”だろう？』=『Haahaah... you do a lot of "stuff" here and there, don't you?』
『視姦だけじゃなくてそこまで把握してんの、マジキモいんですけどー…』=『So you're not just an oggler but a proper stalker, huh? I'm actually getting creeped out~...』
『別にキミだけを見てるわけじゃないよ。おじさんはここの用務員だから勝手に目に入るんだ』=『It's not I go out of my way to look at you, you know? I'm the custodian here, so of course I'd see around.』
『ほんとキモ……え、わっ、クッサ…もう我慢汁垂れてきてんじゃん！汁が玉になって粘り気すごそーｗｗｗ息荒いしー、』=『Seriously creepy... eh, wa--, so stinky... you're already dripping pre-cum! It's bunching up into little balls too, so sticky lol, and look at your breath~』
『はぁはぁ、はぁ…』=『Haahaah, haah...』
『ん…、あ……』=『Nn... ah...』
『パンパンに張ってるし、カリも高いしー…筋浮いててゴツゴツしてるしー。見た感、すごくてマジウケるｗｗｗ』=『It's grown so fat, and the tip's standing tall too... and it's all rough with all those thick veins~. It looks so insane lol.』
『使ったことないくせに、ヤリチン風童貞中年デカチンポとか、宝の持ち腐れ感ハンパないよねー。意味ねーｗｗｗ』=『What a waste, such a godly cock on a virgin like you, it's like pearls on a pig lol. So pointless~』
『でもまあ、ただデカくて太いだけじゃ、バイブとかディルドのほうが上になるしーやっぱテクがないとねー』=『But well, if it's just big and fat then it's no better than a dildo or a vibe~. Can't survive without technique in this world~』
『おじさん、童貞でしょ？ｗウチがお情けと気まぐれでこの無意味なデカチン童貞卒業させてあげるからさー』=『You're a virgin, aren't you, mister? I don't mind taking pity on you and helping you graduate from your turbovirgin status on a whim, you know~』
『え…ほ、本当にやるのかい…？』=『Eh... a-are we really...?』
『ったりまえじゃん！あ、もしかして期待し過ぎてビビってるー？ｗｗ』=『'Course! Ah, are you like scared cuz you're looking so forward to it or something? Lol.』
『いや、別にビビっていないけど…。チンポハメたらココアちゃんの方が大変なことになって後悔するかも…』=『No, not exactly... If we actually get down to it, you might end up falling and regretting it, Cocoa-chan...』
『はあ？！おじさん何勘違いしてんの？おじさんは今ウチの玩具なワケ！後悔とかするわけないじゃん』=『Haah!? Mister, are you misunderstanding this? You're my plaything right now! No way you can make me regret this.』
『童貞が女即落ちさせるエロマンガの読みすぎなんじゃないの？リアルとは違うんですよｗ』=『Read too many doujinshi where the virgin takes down the woman instantly, or something? Reality's not like that, you know lol』
『ま、ウチの、チンポ咥えまくりでも締まりのいいマンコの味、覚えちゃったら、そーゆーの使って惨めなオナニーも出来なくなるかもねｗｗ』=『Well, once you get a taste of my thoroughly battle-tested yet still tight pussy, you might not be able to go back to jerking off to those, lol』
『だからおじさんのほうが後悔すんじゃない？キャハハｗこんな中年オヤジの童貞もらってあげるんだから感謝してよー？』=『So don'tcha think you'll be the one who's gonna regret it? Kyahaha, I'm helping you lose your virginity, so be grateful, aight~?』
『って、憂さ晴らしだし、ウチはどーでもいいんだけどね！さ、ちゃっちゃと始めちゃおっか』=『Well, it's just some timepass for me, so I don't really care either way! C'mon, let's get on with it.』
『は、始める…？』=『O-On with it...?』
『まずはシゴいてあげるよー。ＪＫの生手コキだよ？超貴重っしょ、ほらほらー』=『I'll wring you off, first~. It's a schoolgirl's raw handjob, you know? A once in a lifetime experience, c'mon, c'mon~』
『う、うぅ…いきなり激しすぎる…』=『U-Uu... that's way too fast all at once...』
『こんなんで喘いでたら生ハメまで持たないじゃん。ちょっとはシッカリしてよね、オジサン。ガッカリさせないでよー？』=『How're you gonna last until the main show if you're already moaning like this? Get a grip, mister. Don't let me down, okay?』
『が、頑張るよ…！はぁっ…！くぅぅ…』=『I-I'll do my best...! Haah--...! Kuh...』
『ちょ、必死すぎｗｗそんなにオマンコにハメたいのかよｗでもその姿勢には好感持てるな～』=『Wuh, so desperate lol. Do you wanna put it in my pussy that badly? But I can respect that attitude~』
『私もこのデカチンハメるの楽しみにしてるんだから頑張ってｗ…あ、でも手加減するつもりはないけどね』=『I'm looking forward to taking this huge cock of yours in too so do your best.... ah, but I'm not gonna go easy on you, so you know.』
『オジサンはウチのオモチャなんだから、ちゃんとオモチャらしく楽しませてよｗ』=『You're my toy now, so show me a good time like a good toy~』
『はーっはーっ…あっあっなにっ…これカレシのチンポと全然っ…んあっ違う…っあっ、あう…んあっ…あっ！』=『Haah--, haah--... ah--, ah--, what--.... this is completely different from my bf's cock--... nnah--, so different... ah--, auu... nnah--... ah--!』
『そんなに気持ちいいかい？』=『Does it feel that good?』
『おじさんのチンポすっごい！！っんあ、そこ、上の壁…ごりゅごりゅしてっ…そう、そこっ、んあっ…』=『Mister, your cock's insane!! Nnah, there, the upper side... grind it--... yes, right there--, nnah--....』
『これで…あっ…童貞とか…っ…マジあり得ないんっ…ですけどー！！はあ、あっ、んあっ！！』=『No way... ah--... you're a--... virgin... like this!! Haah, ah--, nnah--!!』
今まで風俗でいろんな女をハメてきて、プライベートでも誘われるくらいには悦ばせてきたけど…=I mean, I've fucked a lot of soapland women in my time, and made them happy enough that they even called me up after for some private time but...
ココアちゃんが童貞と勘違いしてることが、逆に俺の株をあげてるようだし…まあいいか。=But, well, it seems like her thinking of me as a virgin is actually raising my stock in her eyes... so whatever.
『そんな…ウチが…先に…んおっ♡イかされるとかっ…はうっ…あっ、おっ…♡マジどうなってん…んひっ♡』=『No way... I'm gonna... cum... nnoh--♡ First?--... hauu--... ah--, ogh--...♡ What the hec... nnhih-♡』
『だから言っただろう。ココアちゃんの方が大変なことになっちゃうかもって。でもおじさんも気持ちいいよ』=『See? That's why I told you that you might end up falling first. But I'm enjoying this plenty too, Cocoa-chan.』
『あっまた、軽く…イクっ♡…んんんっ…！！このセックス、ヤバ…ハマる…はー♡はー♡』=『Ah--, another, light... one--♡ ...Nnn--...!! This sex, is too good... I'm gonna get addicted... haaah♡ Haah♡』
『おお、ハメまくりのビッチマンコでもこんなに締まるんだねぇ…』=『Ooh, even a thoroughly fucked pussy like yours can still be this tight, huh...』
『マジヤバイって。なにこれぇっ、んひっ…あ"っ♡んおっ、お"っ♡これほんとすごっ…こんなの初めてっ』=『It's seriously insane. What is this--, nnhih--... agh--♡ Nnoh--, ogh--♡ This is seriously insane--... I've never felt like this before--』
『じゃあそろそろ一緒にまたイこうか』=『Let's cum together again then, shall we?』
『ムリ！ムリ！っは、っぁ…このまま突き続けられたらっ…マンコ感じ過ぎて…あうっ♡変になるって！んあ"っ♡』=『I can't! I can't! Hah, ah... if you keep going like this... my pussy's gonna feel too much... auu--♡ And break--! Nnagh--♡』
『ココアちゃんが気に入ってくれたようで嬉しいよ。さぁ、思いっきりイっていいからね』=『I'm glad you've taken such a liking to my cock. C'mon now, cum as hard as you want.』
『あっうっ…は♡…ダメダメ、マジほんとガチイキするっ！やばっ…んあっ、ダメっイク、イク♡…チンポすご…！もぅ無理っ！』=『Auu--... hah♡ ...No, no, I'm gonna seriously cum hard! Damn--... nnah--, no--, cum, cumming♡.... Your cock's insane...! I can't anymore--!』
『イっクぅぅ"う"ううっ～～～！！！』=『Cumminnnnnnngggg~~~!!!』
『はーっ！ッスッキリしたぁー！！』=『Haah--! I feel so much better!!』
『おじさんほんっとタフだね！めっちゃ動いてたしザーメンもあんなにいっぱい出してたし』=『You really are a tough nut, mister! You moved so much and gushed out so much semen too.』
『いや、ココアちゃんもなかなか…』=『No, you were quite something yourself, Cocoa-cha...』
『あ、ヨシキからＬＩＭＥだ！！』=『Ah, I just got a text from Yoshiki!!』
『まぁた謝ればすむと思ってるしー！でももう今日ウチは十分満喫したしドタキャンのお返しだもんねー。無視無視ーｗ』=『He totally thinks he can get away with just saying sorry again! But I already got to let loose today, plus I gotta pay him back for ditching on me last minute too~. Time to ignore him~.』
『あ、そうだ、おじさん。本当は今日だけのつもりだったんだけど、すっごい気に入ったから約束通りにセフレにしたげる。またシよー』=『Ah, right, mister. My OG plan was to forget about this after today but, I really like you now, so we can be fuck buddies like I promised. Let's do it again sometime~』
『え、でも彼氏君は…』=『Eh, but your boyfriend...』
『ちょ、おじさんはただのセフレだってば！キモい勘違いしないでよｗｗ』=『Hey, we're just gonna be fuck buddies! Don't go having such creepy fantasies by yourself lol.』
『でもー、セフレランクはいまんとこ余裕の１位だから、おじさんもシたくなったらＬＩＭＥで呼んでよ。気が向いたら行くから！』=『But well~, you're currently ranked #1 in terms of my fuckbuddies right now, so if you feel like doing it, just hit me up on LIME. I'll come if I feel like it!』
そういうと、手早く俺のスマホを取り出して、と指示され…ココアちゃんはＬＩＭＥの連絡先交換を済ませたようだ。=After saying that, she made me take out my phone, and before I could get a word in... her contact information was already on it.
『…よしっと！そうそう、おじさんだったらお金とか要らないし全然タダでヤるから』=『...Alright! Ah right, I'll make it extra sweet and make it completely free for you, so you don't need cash or anything.』
『気持ちいいし、おじさん全然稼いでなさそうだし、お金取ったらさすがに可哀想だもんｗ』=『I mean, your cock feels great and I don't think you earn that much either, so I'd feel super bad taking what little you make lol.』
『じゃ、私もうそろそろ帰らないとまずいからまたねー！』=『Well then, I really gotta dash back home now so see ya!』
言いたいことだけ言ってさっさと帰ってしまった。=She said all that she wanted to say and then quickly left for home.
『…そんな予感はしてたけど、嵐みたいな子だったな…。一体何だったんだ……』=『...I did have a hunch but, she really is a walking storm, huh... just what on earth...』
